"FALSE" "19,000 Late, Invalid Ballots Were Counted in Arizona 2020 Election"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "We need to realize that people who think that ‘well, maybe if we could just implement tougher gun laws, it’s going to solve it,’ Chicago and LA and New York disprove that thesis. And so, if you’re looking for a real solution, Chicago teaches that what you’re talking about is not a real solution."
"BLATANT-LIE" "claims the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) recently approved a vaccine for monkeypox produced by the pharmaceutical company Pfizer."
"FALSE" "Illinois high school to implement race-based grading system in 2022-2023 school year"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Uvalde victim’s family was offered money to oppose stronger gun laws"
"BLATANT-LIE" "A study shows COVID-19 vaccines increase the risk of cardiac arrest in young people by 25 per cent."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "Joe Biden “inherited inflation of 1.7%. Now we’re well over 8% and growing.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "claims Pfizer Vice President Rady Johnson was arrested by federal agents and charged with multiple counts of fraud."
"FALSE" "Climate change is not real as Arctic circle was warmer than present 6000 years ago."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Biden, Soros, Obama Are Planning A New World Order Conspiracy."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Scientists have found a cause of SIDS."
"FALSE" " There is a pending case against me (Rodrigo Duterte) before the International Court of Justice."
"FALSE" "State Sen. Kirk deViere voted against Medicaid expansion, the governor’s budget and teacher raises."
"BLATANT-LIE" "claims chemicals in sunscreen products cause cancer while the sun does not."
"FALSE" "“Just released” Pfizer documents show the Pfizer COVID-19 vaccine is “12% effective.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "A township electric vehicle charging station is powered with a diesel generator."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Says she never tweeted comments linking pedophilia and Islam."
"FALSE" "Claims Queen Elizabeth II disparaged Filipinos while congratulating Ferdinand “BongBong” Marcos Jr. for winning the country’s presidential election."
"FALSE" "“The vast majority of individuals that we’re releasing out (border) are not showing up for hearings.”"
"FALSE" "Bibles are not allowed in schools but are encouraged in prisons."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“When unemployment goes down, inflation goes up.”"
"TRUE" "U.S. deaths from COVID-19 hit 1 million."
"BLATANT-LIE" "A reporter who covered the Buffalo supermarket shooting was a “crisis actor.”"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "Scott Morrison’s salary has risen from $140,000 to $550,000 in the past decade."
"FALSE" "The problem with mail ballots in Lancaster County is a sign of “voter fraud.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " allegedly shows a tweet from "
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“We have 76% of Americans living paycheck to paycheck, meaning they are one paycheck away from poverty.”"
"FALSE" "“they were not able to find a single healthy child in america that died from COVID-19 […] but one in every 2700 people are getting myocarditis”; “athletes are collapsing on playing fields as for myocarditis and it’s from the vaccines”; Moderna patent filed in 2019 is linked to t…"
"FALSE" "Map shows ships waiting to dock along Chinese coast."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“We are still not sure exactly what” the “great replacement theory” is."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Students In Wilkes identify themselves as cats or furries."
"FALSE" "Georgia Secretary of State Brad Raffensperger used “$50 million of Zuckerberg money” in 2020 to “tip the scales.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "purportedly shows a tweet from Tesla CEO Elon Musk announcing his intention to purchase Dominion Voting Systems."
"FALSE" "Plan B contraceptive pills have been banned through new abortion legislation in Tennessee and Missouri."
"FALSE" "$35 billion in renewable energy projects have been rolled out in Australia in the past three years."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas and his wife Ginni posted a photo of themselves enjoying a $5,135 bottle of wine “as American women despair about abortion rights being taken away from them.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Agenda 21 means people can’t have private property, mostly, or land of their own."
"FALSE" "“Democrats want open borders so they can bring in and amnesty tens of millions of illegal aliens — that’s their electoral strategy.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "The Biggest Drop In The DOW Stock Market Ever Took Place During The Biden Administration."
"FALSE" "Biden set to sell America’s sovereignty to globalists at WHO on May 22."
"FALSE" " Liberal, Labor and Greens plan to make Covid-19 vaccination mandatory."
"FALSE" "Says Gov. Tony Evers is “a big proponent of this defund the police movement.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Event 201 is evidence that officials already knew about COVID-19"
"BLATANT-LIE" "claims the Rothschild family owns "
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“79% of Planned Parenthood clinics are in minority neighborhoods. This is not by accident. That is by its founder, Margaret Sanger’s, eugenicist design.”"
"FALSE" "Canadian Govt Publish Data That ‘Suggests’ People Triple-Vaccinated For COVID-19 Get Sicker, Develop Vaccine-Associated Enhanced Disease"
"FALSE" "Nonprofit Operation Ukraine’s shipments of baby formula to Ukraine is responsible for shortage in the U.S."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Abortion increases the risk of breast cancer, mental illness, and preterm labor."
"FALSE" "Bill Gates “has been investing heavily in synthetic soy breast milk” and is behind the baby formula shortage."
"BLATANT-LIE" " There is a "
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“David Perdue voted with liberals” for $10 trillion “in new debt, his out-of-control federal spending is driving inflation through the roof.”"
"FALSE" "Three government officials enjoy priority landing and takeoff in the country’s airports."
"FALSE" "Georgia Gov. Brian Kemp “allowed 7.5 million ballots to be sent to every registered voter.”"
"TRUE" "In 2020, when Raphael Warnock ran a campaign ad featuring himself with a beagle, “that wasn’t his dog.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Monkeypox is biological warfare by governments."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Video shows Palestinians staging shooting of a child by Israeli soldiers"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“American journalist” Jack Posobiec was “arrested at World Economic Forum.”"
"FALSE" "Amendments to the International Health Regulations will give the World Health Organisation power to unilaterally impose lockdowns within member countries."
"TRUE" "In a recent year, the Milwaukee Police Department “collected more guns per capita off the streets than in New York.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Dominion lost its lawsuits against Rudy Giuliani and Sidney Powell."
"BLATANT-LIE" "The Uvalde, Texas, school shooter was a “transsexual leftist illegal alien named Salvatore Ramos.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "The amount of carbon dioxide in the air increased just .004 percent in 50 years"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "Texas is “50th in the nation in mental health care access.”"
"FALSE" " President Biden is giving the World Health Organization control over U.S. health care and national sovereignty"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“When we passed the assault weapons ban, mass shootings went down. When the law expired, mass shootings tripled.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Monkeypox is a Symptoms Of ‘Vaccine Induced AIDS’"
"BLATANT-LIE" " ABC News altered the Uvalde, Texas, school shooter’s photo to appear more Caucasian."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Photo shows Russians queuing up to purchase their final McDonald’s meal"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Another Conspiracy Proven True!” referring to 2018 remarks by Pfizer CEO and claims about microchips in COVID-19 vaccines."
"BLATANT-LIE" " Monkeypox is linked to COVID-19 vaccines; a 2021 tabletop exercise portraying a monkeypox pandemic is evidence that global leaders planned the outbreak; the monkeypox vaccine was “ready” before the outbreak"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“90% of Americans, regardless of political party, want universal background checks.”"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "The US has had 288 school shootings while other countries had 2 or less."
"FALSE" "“We know from past experiences that the most effective tool for keeping kids safe is armed law enforcement on the campus.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "The vast majority of deaths during the Spanish flu pandemic in 1918-19 were due to bacterial infections caused by people wearing masks."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Says Gov. Greg Abbott offered the uncle of a Uvalde shooting victim money to say “we don’t need stronger gun laws.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "claims diesel is projected to reach $9 a gallon by August."
"FALSE" "“There hasn’t been a single of these mass shootings that have been purchased at a gun show or on the internet.”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" " “[Spike] is harmful to the human body in at least eight different ways [and] can persist in the human body for weeks, or even months, after a person gets vaccinated”"
"FALSE" "“50% of the guns sold in Texas, because of the loopholes, do not pass through a background check.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "CNN is recycling crisis actors in reports about a man dying in Afghanistan in 2021 and at the Uvalde, Texas, school shooting in 2022."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Actor Morgan Freeman Said That Whiteness ‘Is A Disease’"
"FALSE" "The Uvalde, Texas, school shooter was a “transsexual leftist illegal alien named Salvatore Ramos.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "purportedly shows a tweet from Republican Colorado Rep. Lauren Boebert that reads, “There is a Severe Thunderstorm Watch in NEW YORK CITY. Joe is even destroying the Blue States.”"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“Most of these killers tend to be 18, 19 years old.”"
"FALSE" "Stacey Abrams “supported the MLB boycott.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "claims to show images of an oil well and a lithium mine and alleges that lithium mining is significantly worse for the environment than drilling for oil."
"FALSE" "A Mars Rover photo captured by NASA shows a doorway, suggesting extraterrestrial life."
"FALSE" " Apple cider vinegar and thermogenic supplements are effective for rapid weight loss"
"FALSE" "Agriculture “is still the No. 1 sector of the economy” in Georgia."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Finland is moving military equipment to the eastern border with Russia"
"FALSE" "The man who killed the Uvalde, Texas, school shooter “wasn’t even an on-duty police officer.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "The government gives you your credit score."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Bill Gates planned a smallpox-type outbreak."
"BLATANT-LIE" "allegedly shows pallets of boxes containing baby formula at the U.S. southern border."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Active shooter drill at high school in Uvalde, Texas, two months before the elementary school shooting shows the event was a false flag."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" " Inflation Has Gone Up Every Month of Joe Biden’s Presidency"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Increased encounters at the southwest border in April 2022 compared to April 2020 are attributable to changes in border policy."
"BLATANT-LIE" " “A dozen CEOs of America’s largest utility companies told me earlier this year that my plan would reduce the average family’s annual utility bills by $500 and accelerate our transition from energy produced by autocrats.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Dead people always vote Democrat.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "The Covid-19 vaccines have killed two people for every one life saved."
"FALSE" "“The White House presented commemorative coins” dedicated to Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskyy."
"BLATANT-LIE" " Majorie Taylor Greene wore an earpiece during testimony."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“After their massive tax giveaway to the superwealthy and giant corporations in 2017, congressional Republicans now want to raise taxes on middle class families”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "A video shows the Russian warship Moskva exploding."
"FALSE" " Kids Getting Hepatitis Related To JJ Vaccine Adenovirus Vector."
"FALSE" "The Chinese Communist Party owns and controls some of Australia’s most popular milk brands."
"BLATANT-LIE" " Says Barack Obama tweeted, “Has anyone checked to make sure Donald Trump doesn’t have a Russian birth certificate?”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " purportedly shows clips of audience members yelling, “F*** Joe Biden,” at President Joe Biden."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Volodymyr Zelenskyy is a cousin of George Soros, Pentagon official says.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Triple Covid-19 vaccinated people will develop AIDS."
"FALSE" "If Republicans ever repealed the Affordable Care Act, that would mean “100 million Americans with preexisting conditions can once again be denied health care coverage by their insurance companies.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Official data has confirmed 800 COVID-19 ‘vaccine deaths’ in Australia."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“With the money Elon Musk spent to buy Twitter shares, he could have given every American family $100,000 and still had enough left over to cancel all student debt.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Tucker Carlson suggested photos of bodies in Ukraine could have been staged"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“A secret backroom deal” gave “away hundreds of millions of tax dollars to a Soros-owned company.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Claims to show Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov seated behind the desk in the Oval Office during former President Donald Trump’s term."
"FALSE" "Josh Mandel doctored an image in a campaign ad but “forgot to Photoshop the hands that clearly show he put his face on the body of a Black soldier.”"
"FALSE" "Imperial College London’s REACT-LC study found catching Covid-19 in the colder winter months may be a factor in whether some people find their symptoms persisting."
"FALSE" "“Over the course of two months, Tony Evers refused to remove (Curtis Schmitt Jr.) from the (state’s veterans) Board despite having the authority to do (so).”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " George Soros is wanted in Russia, declared a ‘global terrorist’ in China."
"FALSE" "“Joe Biden’s open border” means that there are “more Democrat voters pouring into this country.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "claims Ukraine is the first country to implement the World Economic Forum’s (WEF) “Great Reset” plan by creating a social credit system and instituting universal basic income (UBI)."
"FALSE" "“John Fetterman’s a self-described democratic socialist.”"
"FALSE" "Carrying Sri Lankan flag will prevent military from shooting at protesters."
"TRUE" "Only 2% of K-12 students would benefit from Iowa’s school voucher bill."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Sunscreens cause cancer, not the sun”; sunscreen and sunless tanning products contain cancer-causing ingredients"
"BLATANT-LIE" "purportedly shows a woman wearing a Nazi shirt while attending a rally for former President Donald Trump."
"FALSE" "“…Seven and a half years have passed since there was any trend in global warming at all” If global warming was caused by human emissions, temperature would rise at a steady rate"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" " No trees have been planted toward the coalition government’s 2018 target of one billion new trees by 2030."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“70% of increased prices in March came from Putin’s price hike in gasoline"
"BLATANT-LIE" "allegedly shows a CNN chyron that reads, “Elon Musk could threaten free speech on Twitter by allowing people to speak freely.”"
"FALSE" "People protesting the Dakota Access pipeline “were intentionally poisoned” by government officials in North Dakota when a pilot “knowingly sprayed poisonous chemicals” over protesters’ camps."
"BLATANT-LIE" " A KKK billboard was put up in Johnson County, NC, for Donald Trump’s rally."
"FALSE" "Claims that “widespread illegal ballot harvesting” elected Georgia’s two Democratic U.S. senators."
"FALSE" "Ukraine is the money laundering and child sex trafficking “capital of the world”"
"FALSE" "Suggests ivermectin is an effective treatment for COVID-19."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Toothpaste is poisonous”; “fluoride is a neurotoxin” and doesn’t prevent tooth decay."
"BLATANT-LIE" "The COVID-19 vaccines contain “HIV lipid wrappers.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " COVID-19 IS not A Virus And Is Snake Venom Being Used To poison People and Turn Them Into Satanic Hybrids."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Gilbert Gottfried died from the COVID-19 vaccine."
"FALSE" "No child under the age of two is vaccinated in Japan."
"FALSE" "Brian Kemp “dismissed concerns about voter fraud in the 2020 election” and “widespread illegal ballot harvesting continued, electing two Democrat senators.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez proposed a 10% tax on white people."
"FALSE" "“You couldn’t buy a cannon when, in fact, the Second Amendment passed.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " claims a New York airport took legal possession of one of former President Donald Trump’s airplanes."
"FALSE" "Disney+ has had over 350,000 cancellations in the last five days."
"FALSE" "Nigeria’s debt has increased by N4 trillion in the past six years."
"FALSE" "The chairman of Virginia’s Republican Party made a “shockingly racist post” about Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin."
"BLATANT-LIE" " allegedly shows a statement released by former President Donald Trump that refers to former Vice President Mike Pence as a “dog.”"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "Mehmet Oz “called for a New Zealand-style gun ban” and said “Americans should have less access to guns.”"
"FALSE" "“The West demonstrates totalitarian intolerance towards alternative points of view. Democracy, liberalism, pluralism are not observed here. On the contrary, censorship and arbitrariness are intensifying.”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" " “Ron Johnson is trying to let insurance companies deny coverage to people with pre-existing conditions like cancer, depression, pregnancy, diabetes—or even COVID.”"
"FALSE" " Healthy People DO not Die From COVID-19."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“As your Lieutenant Governor…I cut your taxes.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "purportedly shows President Joe Biden and newly-confirmed Supreme Court Justice Ketanji Brown Jackson celebrating the ousting of Pakistani Prime Minister Imran Khan."
"FALSE" "McDonald’s added xylitol to its ice cream which is toxic to dogs."
"FALSE" "High Vaccination Rate does not Explain Why 92% Of English COVID Deaths Are Among Fully Vaccinated"
"FALSE" "The Biden Administration is engaging in extreme ‘woke’ politics by encouraging children to take chemical castration drugs and undergo surgeries, and they are lying to children by telling them puberty blockers are “reversible.”"
"TRUE" "The founder of Kwanzaa is a convicted felon who kidnapped and tortured two women."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Christine Blasey Ford and Brett Kavanaugh were actors wearing masks during Kavanaugh’s U.S. Supreme Court confirmation hearing."
"BLATANT-LIE" " purports to show a BBC News report alleging that Ukraine was responsible for a rocket attack that killed 50 Ukrainian civilians at a railway station."
"BLATANT-LIE" "The Brooklyn subway attack was a false flag."
"FALSE" "There were 2,000 excess deaths in New Zealand while the vaccine was being rolled out."
"FALSE" " George Soros injected “$33 million” into Black Lives Matter."
"BLATANT-LIE" " Bill Gates said a cow emits more pollution than a car."
"FALSE" "Ukraine was responsible for the Kramatorsk train station bombing."
"FALSE" "An American Medical Association document confirms Pfizer’s COVID-19 vaccine ingredients and effects vary depending on their “batch”."
"TRUE" "The coalition government increased development aid for the Pacific region by 50 percent."
"FALSE" "“Joe Biden’s Justice Department labeled parents ‘domestic terrorists.'”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "claims 46 states have performed vote recounts that confirmed President Joe Biden lost the 2020 presidential election."
"FALSE" "Brian Kemp and Secretary of State Brad Raffensperger “perhaps in collusion with the Radical Left Democrats” are attempting to “unseat” U.S. Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene."
"BLATANT-LIE" "U.S. Department Of Defense Did Award A Contract For ‘COVID-19 Research’ In Ukraine 3 Months Before Virus Was Known To Exist."
"FALSE" " “California Democrats are trying to legalize killing children up to the age of 28 days.”"
"FALSE" "“I wish success for our heroic soldiers involved in this operation, which we are carrying out in close cooperation with the central Iraqi government and the regional administration.”"
"FALSE" "Bath and Body Works products are not recommended during pregnancy because they are suspected of “damaging fertility or the unborn child.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Vaccines Are Killing People Of Color At Twice The Rate Of White People, HHS Said"
"BLATANT-LIE" "COVID-19 is a synthetic version of “snake venom” that evil forces are spreading through remdesivir, the COVID-19 vaccines and drinking water to “make you a hybrid of Satan.”"
"TRUE" "a screenshot of a "
"FALSE" "“1,464 Ukrainian servicemen laid down their arms and surrendered. They are not subjected to violence or psychological pressure.”"
"FALSE" "Joe Biden’s comments prove that food shortages are being “done deliberately by the governments of the world.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Hormonal birth control is associated with “PCOS [polycystic ovarian syndrome], hormonal imbalances, depression, and infertility”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“[Dave] McCormick’s woke Connecticut hedge fund supported Black Lives Matter.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " allegedly shows a Fox News chyron quoting Republican Texas Sen. Ted Cruz’s wife, Heidi Cruz, as saying, “Ted Does Not Tan His Testicles.”"
"TRUE" " Students at a Missouri public school were given a math assignment referencing Maya Angelou’s sexual abuse, sex work."
"FALSE" "Did Finnish Parliament Vote to Join NATO?"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Says the Biden administration is choosing to send baby formula to the border as one of its “out-of-touch priorities.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Official Study Concludes That Masks Caused More COVID."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“Kathy Barnette wants to build a statue of Barack Obama right next to the one of Abraham Lincoln on Capitol Hill.”"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "Trump Vowed SCOTUS Picks Would End Roe v. Wade."
"FALSE" "claims former Republican South Carolina Rep. Trey Gowdy attended the premiere of conservative filmmaker Dinesh D’Souza’s film “2000 Mules” at former President Donald Trump’s Mar-A-Lago residence."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Polish Armed Forces Wrote Letter Announcing Plan To Send ‘Airborne Units’ To Ukraine"
"FALSE" " “The same system that kept you in the dark about Ghislaine Maxwell…doesn’t mind live-streaming Johnny Depp’s trial.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " “I have never asked the president to resign. So what the book said was not true.”"
"TRUE" "Has a Wikipedia Co-Founder Complained About the Site’s Liberal Bias?"
"BLATANT-LIE" " claims CNN anchor Chris Wallace quit the network after only three weeks on the air."
"FALSE" " Squalene in vaccines caused Gulf War Syndrome; the World Health Organization aims to depopulate the world with sterility-causing vaccines"
"FALSE" "“There is no country in the world that treats journalists more cruelly than Ukraine, the regime simply cannot stand freedom of speech …”"
"FALSE" "“DeSantis erases Disney’s tax exempt law. Will cost Disney $200 Mil in taxes. Per year!”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Lyme Disease Was Invented In A Lab In 1975."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "In 2021, “11,201 pounds of fentanyl were seized by Customs and Border Protection, which is enough to kill every American nearly seven times over.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "allegedly shows a headline from The Washington Post that reads, “China is forcing hundreds of millions of new trees to exist every year.”"
"FALSE" "My Pillow CEO Mike Lindell is back on Twitter after Elon Musk takeover."
"FALSE" " Scott Morrison did not propose that asylum seeker boards should be turned back during the lead-up to the 2013 election."
"FALSE" "“Republicans’ (Rick Scott) plan would make Social Security disappear.”"
"FALSE" "Mehmet Oz “was a spokesman for a group who wanted to defund the police.”"
"TRUE" "Joe Biden’s $33bn Ukraine plan worth half Russia’s military budget"
"FALSE" "That J.D. Vance said, “People who voted for Trump voted for him for racist reasons.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“HIV was an invention created by the West”, people “took the HIV medication and got HIV”, you can “reverse HIV naturally”"
"FALSE" "“Alkaline foods” can heal the body of cancer."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "The bipartisan infrastructure law “gives communities the money they need to get forever chemicals, PFAS off, out of the water. … [W]e’re going to get rid of it all.”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" " It is more difficult and expensive to see a doctor in Australia than ever before."
"BLATANT-LIE" " “Disneyland estates have been used for MK-ULTRA mind control, human trafficking, occult rituals, and parading sexual deviants.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Are child hepatitis cases linked to COVID-19 vaccines?"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" " “The Red Cross sells your donated blood to hospitals for $150 and then that hospital charges you thousands for a blood transfusion.”"
"FALSE" "claims the state of Georgia found “over 1,600 instances of noncitizens voting in 2020.”"
"TRUE" "Since taking office, Hochul has passed more than 400 new bills"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "On any given night in Australia, more than 100,000 people do not have a roof over their head."
"FALSE" "Matt Dolan sponsored Michael Bloomberg’s “red-flag gun confiscation law, letting the people reporting your social media posts send SWAT teams to your house to take your guns.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Donald Trump invited all the Great MAGA Patriots to BOYCOTT the midterm elections in November"
"FALSE" "Conservatives gained Twitter followers after the company announced its deal with Elon Musk because “Twitter lifted a broad anti-conservative, anti-Trump shadow ban.”"
"FALSE" " U.S. pharmaceutical company Pfizer requested to have its public shares delisted from the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE)."
"FALSE" "“Kids are getting hepatitis. It’s being caused be an adenovirus. J&J had an adenovirus vector. Couldn’t possibly be related.”"
"FALSE" "“Thanks to President of the Russian Federation V.V. Putin’s initiative, 80 civilians, including women and children, held by the Ukrainian nationalists have been rescued from the territory of the Azovstal factory in Mariupol.”"
"FALSE" "Sen. Mark Kelly voted “for benefits to illegals.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "claims five kids from Wichita, Kansas died from fentanyl-laced marijuana in a single day in April."
"FALSE" " “Tylenol is the #1 cause of acute liver failure in the US with 27% of people dying & kills at least 100,000 per year from its use.”"
"FALSE" "Certain medicines and compounds like folic acid “deplete folate, which is very serious for those with MTHFR”"
"FALSE" "Under the Tories, families are £2,620 worse off."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“… Justices Gorsuch, Kavanaugh, and Barrett assured the Senate Judiciary Committee and the American people that Roe v. Wade was ‘established precedent.’”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Elon Musk suspended Bill Gates from Twitter."
"FALSE" "There were “400,000 illegal votes” cast in the 2020 presidential election"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“The student debt that is out there, almost 60% of it is graduate school debt.”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "The number of first-home buyers in 2021 was nearly 70,000 higher than when Labor was in government."
"TRUE" " Overturning Roe v. Wade is unpopular with Americans."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“White House physician demands Biden’s immediate resignation following his ‘obvious’ cognitive decline.”"
"FALSE" "Inhaled Microplastics Found in Lung Tissue—Are Face Masks Contributing to the Problem?"
"FALSE" "“There are 63 million abortions a year in this country.”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" " “You know what happens to these individuals? They are either expelled under the Title 42 of the CDC, or they are placed into immigration enforcement proceedings. They make their claims under the law. If those claims don’t prevail, they are promptly removed from the United States…"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Russia is the only country that delivers direct humanitarian aid to people … Sometimes Russian humanitarian caravans are bombed with weapons that NATO supplies to Ukraine.”"
"TRUE" "When the New York State Senate voted to legalize abortion in 1970, 12 Republican senators voted in favor of it."
"FALSE" "The SARS-CoV-2 virus was engineered in a laboratory and deliberately released"
"BLATANT-LIE" "President Joe Biden has “[s]topped abortion.”"
"FALSE" "California introduces a bill that would allow mothers to kill their babies up to 7 days after birth"
"FALSE" "When there is “a noose on a college dorm of a Black student” or a racial slur “on a dormitory building, the odds are overwhelming that a Black student actually did that.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Two days before the elections, the Department of Health will report a surge in COVID-19 cases and attribute it to Leni Robredo’s campaign rallies"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Pfizer tries to hide 2.4K full-time hires handling vax injuries.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "claims North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) forces attacked Russian soldiers heading toward the Ukrainian border."
"BLATANT-LIE" "A rash of “mysterious” fires at food-processing plants is “obviously suspicious and it could lead to serious food shortages.”"
"FALSE" " mRNA COVID-19 vaccines accumulate in the ovaries, change menstrual cycles, and lead the immune system to mount “an immune response to their own placental protein”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Videos show that Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskyy uses cocaine."
"FALSE" "“Roe v. Wade happened because a woman lied about being raped by black men.”"
"FALSE" "The corporate tax rate under Eisenhower was 90%"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Republicans DO NOT want to throw doctors” in jail."
"BLATANT-LIE" "claims Republican North Dakota Sen. Kevin Cramer stated that saving a fetus is worth losing the mother’s life."
"FALSE" "“Senator Grassley hopped off the Finance Committee, where he could be helpful to Iowa and the nation, in favor of the Judiciary Committee”"
"FALSE" "Algae ponds can capture all the carbon dioxide from coal-fired power stations, resulting in zero-emissions energy."
"TRUE" "The state crime lab under Attorney General Josh Kaul “is testing significantly less items than former AG Brad Schimel and is still taking longer to test many categories of key items in comparison to Schimel, including DNA.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "claims 438 illegal immigrants were removed from Walt Disney World by the Florida Department of Labor."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“GOP Sen. Marsha Blackburn has proposed that birth control should only be legal for MARRIED couples.”"
"FALSE" "“Tennessee just banned Plan B and made it a crime punishable by a $50,000 fine to order it.”"
"FALSE" " “After the collapse of the Soviet Union, the United States and its satellites deployed a network of biolaboratories in the space of the former Soviet republics – in Georgia, Ukraine, Azerbaijan, Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan, and Armenia …”"
"FALSE" "Supreme Court Justices Amy Coney Barrett and Samuel Alito said that the U.S. needs a “domestic supply of infants” to meet the needs of parents seeking to adopt."
"BLATANT-LIE" "The World Health Organization receives 70 per cent of its funding from the pharmaceutical industry."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Mehmet Oz is “pro-abortion.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Individuals Who Seek An Abortion in Ala. Are ‘Thrown In Prison For Life’"
"TRUE" "Due to U.S. Senate rules, Democrats need “more than a majority … to codify Roe vs. Wade.”"
"FALSE" "Australia’s longest-running weather station shows no pattern of warming since temperature records were first collected in 1862."
"FALSE" "“Is ANYONE asking how Ron DeSantis was worth $340,000 in 2020 and is now worth $52 million?”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Kari Lake has been appearing at rallies with neo-Nazis,” while “two federal juries have found” Katie Hobbs “guilty of racial discrimination.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " “If you wanted to kill a bunch of MAGA voters in the middle of the heartland, how better than to target them and their kids with this deadly fentanyl? … It does look intentional.”"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“We produced more oil domestically in my first year in office than my predecessor did in his first year.”"
"FALSE" "Australia’s 2021 official death statistics provide evidence COVID-19 vaccines have caused thousands of excess deaths."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "In the immediate wake of a fire and vandalism at the Madison headquarters of an anti-abortion group, Democrats had not condemned “activists who are engaging in this repugnant illegal activity.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " claims Republican Tennessee Sen. Marsha Blackburn “proposed a plan wherein birth control should only be legal for married couples.”"
"FALSE" "With $40 billion, Elon Musk could have given everyone in the U.S. $1 million"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Pfizer CEO Albert Bourla We Will Reduce The Number Of People By 50%"
"TRUE" " Does Photo Show Kevin Spacey and Ghislaine Maxwell in Buckingham Palace?"
"FALSE" "High U.S. Gas Prices In 2022 Are Related To Closed Pipelines."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Nobody in any election in America gets 74% of the votes. Ever. It doesn’t happen.”"
"FALSE" " Chicago High School Will Use A Race-Based Grading System."
"BLATANT-LIE" "There is Evidence of Law Enforcement Raids Arizona Nonprofits In ‘2000 Mules’ Ballot Trafficking Investigation."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" " claims the National Rifle Association (NRA) enforced a total gun ban at its 2022 convention."
"BLATANT-LIE" "claims to show a vote tally indicating that 31 million people voted for Philippine presidential candidate Leni Robredo in the country’s 2022 presidential election."
"FALSE" "“Republican leadership has not been clear about whether they support Rep. Ramthun’s illegal and undemocratic resolution” on the 2020 election."
"BLATANT-LIE" "purportedly shows the “Ukrainian headquarters” exploding after being bombed by the Russians."
"BLATANT-LIE" "CNN identified “Bernie Gores” as the “first American casualty of the Ukraine crisis.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Photo shows African youths disfigured by vaccines"
"FALSE" "“Bill Gates hatches ‘horribly stupid’ plan to block out the sun”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Ukraine has the nuclear technologies created back in the Soviet times and delivery vehicles for such weapons, including aircraft, as well as the Soviet-designed Tochka-U precision tactical missiles with a range of over 100 kilometers.”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“NATO (under direction from the United States) is violating previous agreements and expanding eastward.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Rocket Launch Failure Killed 295 Russians On February 24, 2022."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“I’m the one that ended [the Nord Stream 2] pipeline” from Russia to Germany."
"FALSE" "Sen. Ron Johnson has been “rewarding companies that outsource to China.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " “The Russian Defense Ministry stated that only officers and contractors are participating in the military operation in Ukraine.”"
"FALSE" "“Over-vaccination causes faster mutation of the (COVID-19) virus, which causes a super virus we may not have the ability to fight off.”"
"FALSE" "Gov. Greg Abbott has ordered “Family and Protective Services to begin investigating all trans children in Texas and prosecuting their parents as abusers.”"
"FALSE" "Gun manufacturing is “the only industry in America that can’t be sued.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Taiwan’s COVID-19 Vaccine Deaths Higher Than All Virus Fatalities."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "January 2022 fentanyl seizures show “illicit drugs are flowing into the country at an alarming rate because of Biden’s open border.”"
"FALSE" "“Putin has ordered his military to seek and destroy US-Deep State bio-labs” in Ukraine."
"TRUE" " The word “propaganda” was misspelled “propoganda” at CPAC 2022."
"BLATANT-LIE" "The 2020 election “was stolen from Donald J. Trump.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Photo shows Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy visiting front line troops during the February 2022 invasion by Russia."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“We now have the scientific evidence that shows the risk of myocarditis for young males is greater for the vaccine than it is for the disease.”"
"FALSE" "“I’ve been in and out of Iraq and Afghanistan over 40 times.”"
"TRUE" " A Russian businessman offered a $1 million bounty for President Vladimir Putin’s arrest."
"FALSE" "Build Back Better “would be a huge payday for Chinese manufacturing” and “would fill our streets with cars made with Chinese parts.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Ottawa threatened to euthanize truckers pets as punishment"
"FALSE" "“Hillary Clinton spied on President Trump.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Russian President Vladimir Putin said that Gilgit-Baltistan should be part of India."
"FALSE" "Wearing masks is “COVID theater” and “not doing anything.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " In March 2022, U.S. Rep. Paul Gosar defended himself from criticism with a tweet in which he indicated he had been called “stupid” for his whole life."
"FALSE" "Hunter Biden’s payments from the Ukrainian oil and gas company Burisma Holdings ended with the Russian invasion of Ukraine."
"BLATANT-LIE" " The government is using the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to collect DNA through COVID-19 test samples"
"FALSE" "The planned release of 60 million barrels of global oil reserves, including 30 million from the U.S., “will help blunt gas prices here at home.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " “Everyone understands that the Third World War can only be nuclear. But I draw your attention to the fact that nuclear war is constantly spinning in the heads of Western politicians, not in the heads of Russians.”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Federal border officials are allowing undocumented immigrants who are “known criminals who possess an arrest warrant to fly on U.S. aircraft (which) threatens our homeland security.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "CNN Did Report That Explosion In Ukraine Was ‘Peaceful’"
"FALSE" "“CDC data show mass vaccination with the COVID-19 vaccine has had no measurable impact on COVID-19 mortality in the U.S.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Former beauty queen Anastasiia Lenna joined the Ukrainian military."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“Under my plan, nobody earning less than $400,000 a year will pay an additional penny in new taxes. Not a single penny.”"
"FALSE" "The Therapeutic Goods Administration overturned a ban on ivermectin as a treatment for COVID-19."
"FALSE" "Dr. Anthony Fauci has not spoken or appeared publicly for several weeks."
"BLATANT-LIE" "allegedly shows a Chevron gas station in California where gasoline prices are listed at over $9 a gallon."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“As the world rallies around Ukraine, Mike Lee was one of only two senators to oppose sanctions on Putin. Then he flew to the Kremlin and discussed dropping sanctions. Lee even opposed arming Ukrainians fighting for their lives.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " A photograph shows Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy holding a swastika jersey."
"BLATANT-LIE" " Video Of Putin’s Hand Going Through Microphone Is Proof Of Green Screen."
"BLATANT-LIE" " NATO Laptop With Intelligence was Found At Headquarters Of Ukrainian Nationalists"
"FALSE" "“Johns Hopkins” study finds “lockdowns” had “little to no” impact on COVID-19 deaths."
"BLATANT-LIE" "American Megachurches are not offering Relief and Support To The Ukrainian People"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“Here in Wisconsin, prescription drug costs grew at a pace of nearly twice as much as the average Wisconsinite’s income from 2015-2019.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "allegedly shows a CNN chyron reporting that Russian President Vladimir Putin warned India against interfering in his invasion of Ukraine."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Worldwide data has confirmed the vaccinated are developing COVID vaccine-induced Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Coffee is proven to cause certain types of cancer."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Donald Trump’s appeasement of Putin wasn’t just a personal act of treason, it’s the Republican Party’s official position.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Joe Biden caved to the radical environmentalists and stopped America’s Keystone pipeline and dramatically increased Americans’ dependence on Russian oil”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“We were energy independent one year ago.”"
"FALSE" "“In other words, you’re about 70 percent less likely to die if you take ivermectin compared to taking remdesivir”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Tamara Lich, leader of the Ottawa Trucker Convoy, found dead in her cell – reports"
"FALSE" " There are 430,000 more people in employment than before the pandemic began."
"FALSE" " The USA funds Bioweapons labs in Ukraine."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "The oil industry has “9,000 permits to drill now. They could be drilling right now, yesterday, last week, last year.”"
"FALSE" "Russian President Vladimir Putin quietly dispatched nuclear bomber aircraft to Venezuela during Russia’s invasion of Ukraine."
"FALSE" "“Marco Rubio is following his party bosses, like Rick Scott, with his plan to raise taxes on Florida’s working families, retirees and veterans.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " “COVID Deaths Have Been Vastly Overcounted”"
"FALSE" "Joe Biden’s cancellation of the Keystone pipeline “dramatically increased Americans’ dependence on Russian oil.”"
"FALSE" "Safety surveillance data in the Pfizer’s document shows harmful effects of the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine"
"TRUE" "“We are No. 1 among all large states in having fully vaccinated teenagers. We are No. 2 in all large states for having fully vaccinated five- to 11- year-olds.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " “Toria Nuland just confirmed that the Russian disinformation (Bioweapons) they’ve been telling us for days is a lie and a conspiracy theory and crazy and immoral to believe is, in fact, totally and completely true.”"
"TRUE" "“The US has made strides in reducing carbon emissions that other parts of the world have not.”"
"FALSE" "“We are not planning to attack other countries. We didn’t attack Ukraine in the first place.”"
"FALSE" "Two years ago we were “drilling our own oil for $27 a barrel.” Now, thanks to Joe Biden, we’re “paying $105 a barrel to Russia.”"
"FALSE" " Word Gay In Florida Bill Limiting Teaching About Sexual Orientation And Gender Identity In School"
"TRUE" "“With the ongoing pandemic, our State Park attendance is at the highest it’s ever been.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Zelenskyy refused to evacuate is a fake claim"
"FALSE" "Russian President Vladimir Putin “banned” Rothschild-related banks from operating in the country."
"FALSE" "“[I]n the Budapest Memorandum of 1994, the U.S. offered security guarantees to Ukraine in exchange for the country giving up its nuclear arsenal … [W]hen push came to shove, the U.S. ignored this commitment.”"
"FALSE" "“Vice President Kamala Harris laughs at the plight of Ukraine; at idea of America offering assistance”"
"FALSE" "A post shared on Facebook claims Johns Hopkins University confirmed polymerase chain reaction (PCR) tests can vaccinate patients."
"FALSE" "Russia Went Back To Using A Gold Standard."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Facebook video shows “counting Biden’s votes at 2 a.m.”"
"FALSE" "“Russian president Vladimir Putin meets with South Korean President.”"
"FALSE" "Cloud seeding caused record-breaking floods in Queensland and NSW."
"TRUE" "Florida is “49th in the nation when it comes to (Medicaid) funding” for people with disabilities."
"FALSE" "Leonardo DiCaprio Donates $10 Million To Ukraine Armed Forces"
"FALSE" "Classified documents from Ukraine “confirm without a shadow of a doubt” that the Ukraine government was “covertly preparing an offensive operation against Donbas, scheduled for March 2022.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Shows Vice President Kamala Harris avoiding a question about how long Americans “should be bracing for this historic inflation and some unprecedented gas prices.”"
"FALSE" " “According to data released by the U.S., it has 26 bio-labs and other related facilities in Ukraine, over which the U.S. Department of Defense has absolute control… the biological military activities of the U.S. in Ukraine are merely the tip of the iceberg.”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Senate Republicans’ plan” would “end Social Security” and “end Medicare.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Pfizer Documents Do Reveal Vaccinated Individuals Will Transfer COVID Shot To Unvaccinated Through Inhalation, Skin Contact"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Lisa Murkowski, Susan Collins and Mitt Romney “are pro-pedophile.”"
"FALSE" "The FBI lost Hunter Biden’s laptop."
"BLATANT-LIE" "New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern said that the country’s politics are less extreme than others’ because Rupert Murdoch was never allowed to set up a media outlet there."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "The economy was “dead in the water when we got here. Virtually no jobs created.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Fox News host "
"BLATANT-LIE" "“The Russian army captured the U.S Major General Roger L. Cloutier Jr. … in the besieged Ukrainian Azov camp in Mariupol.”"
"FALSE" "By sucking the Strategic Oil Reserve dry we’ve lowered gas prices by $.014"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" " In 2022, Tennessee Republicans supported a piece of legislation that would legalize child marriage."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“[T]he photos and video footage from Bucha are yet another staged event by the Kiev regime for the Western media, as it was in Mariupol with the maternity hospital, as well as in other cities.”"
"FALSE" "“While Ukrainians bled and died … Congressman Budd excused their killer.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "A university study shows that the Pfizer COVID-19 vaccine enters the nucleus of a human cell."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“As soon as Biden took office, he eliminated all subsidies for fossil fuels.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " allegedly shows one of the victims of the Russian invasion of Ukraine smoking a cigarette while wrapped in a body bag."
"FALSE" " “Russian muftis expressed support for the special operation in Ukraine and called it a forced preventive defensive measure, ‘based on the Holy Quran’.”"
"TRUE" "“Virginia women are paid 80 cents for every dollar paid to Virginia men.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Documents Were Published Confirming Moderna Created The COVID-19 Virus"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“What is happening here is not so different from what we’re seeing happening in Russia, where you have got state TV and controlled messaging across the board.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“I have never seen the CDC coming out saying” children should get four doses of the polio vaccine."
"FALSE" "The presence of apes calls into question the concept of evolution."
"FALSE" " Russia’s missile attack on the NATO training base at Javoriv killed 180 foreign mercenaries"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Says Ron Johnson “is supporting the Republican plan that phases out Social Security and Medicare.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Nato launched more than 10,000 air raids on Libya in 2011 with over 500,000 civilian casualities."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“One year ago, these were side effects that Pfizer knew about” that “can cause you to die in any number of truly horrific ways.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Woman who accompanied Zelenskyy in March hospital visit died in February."
"FALSE" "Jan. 6 defendants “are being held in prison without being charged.”"
"FALSE" " “During the liberation of Marinka, three instructors allegedly from the United States were killed, the people’s militia of the DNR reported.”"
"FALSE" "Ketanji Brown Jackson “gave a lecture talking about critical race theory as one of the components to consider when you are making decisions on the bench.”"
"FALSE" "It is cheaper to fill a gas-powered vehicle than an electric one?"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Ukraine is a country whose “government only exists because the Obama State Department helped to overthrow the previous regime.”"
"FALSE" "Florida eliminated its gas tax."
"BLATANT-LIE" "The Russian airstrike on a maternity hospital in Mariupol, Ukraine, had “the makings of yet another false flag operation” led by the U.S."
"FALSE" " A Pfizer document contains a list of around 158,000 adverse events “from their vaccine”."
"FALSE" "The drug labels for the Pfizer COVID-19 vaccine “were blank when they should have contained all these diseases and adverse events” listed in a confidential report."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Natural immunity protects better than vaccination; “the mortality risk of an un-boosted person under age 30 was zero”; cloth face masks, school closures had zero benefits for children and some harm"
"FALSE" "“[Dr. Mehmet] Oz was a spokesman for a group who wanted to defund the police.”"
"TRUE" "Oil companies saw massive jumps in their oil revenues."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“In April 1997, there was a ‘gas out’ conducted nationwide in protest of gas prices. Gasoline prices dropped 30 cents a gallon overnight.”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "The budget deficit and government debt are both five times higher under the coalition than they were under the previous Labor government."
"FALSE" "Biden “wants to buy lithium from China for electric cars.”"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "The CDC “removed tens of thousands of deaths linked to COVID-19, including nearly a quarter of deaths it had listed in those under 18 years old”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "San Francisco changed the name of Abraham Lincoln High School."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Mo Brooks “voted to cut off funding to destroy ISIS terrorists in the middle of the fight.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Canadian Government Did Publish Data Suggesting People Triple-Vaccinated For COVID-19 Have Developed AIDS and Are five times More Likely To Die Of COVID Than Unvaccinated."
"FALSE" "In 2008, oil prices were 50 per cent higher than in 2022 but petrol was almost half the price."
"FALSE" "“It was Republicans who nominated the 1st Black woman to the SCOTUS & she was BLOCKED & filibustered by … Joe Biden.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "George Soros said on CNN he helped overthrow the former Ukrainian president."
"FALSE" "purportedly shows a man being arrested for wearing a shirt with the phrase “We the people” on it."
"BLATANT-LIE" "CNN tweeted image of Serbian building, claimed it was bombed Ukraine hotel."
"FALSE" "“Accusing China of spreading disinformation related to Ukraine is in itself disinformation.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Virginia Tech swimmer Reka Gyorgy tweeted, “My finals spot was stolen by Lia Thomas, who is a biological male.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " A picture of U.S. President Joe Biden in front of the White House in March 2022 was “staged” or digitally altered to add trees."
"BLATANT-LIE" " Ketanji Brown Jackson has “a weak record — defund police, abolish ICE and now a completely open border policy.”"
"FALSE" "NPR published an article about the January 6 2021 storming of the US capitol before it happened."
"BLATANT-LIE" "A “baby’s immune system” cannot “safely handle 8 different antigens 💉 (toxins, bacteria, DNA) in 1 day”"
"FALSE" "The so-called collective West does not need a strong and sovereign Russia, and will not forgive us our independent policy and standing up for our national interests. It is trying to divide our society. It’s aim is to destroy Russia.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Ketanji Brown Jackson “believes in abortion on demand up to the moment of birth.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Farmed salmon is poisonous and the dye used to make their grey flesh pink can cause humans to lose their eyesight"
"FALSE" " Foo Fighters drummer Taylor Hawkins died from a COVID-19 vaccine."
"FALSE" "Bombshell Proof Of Colorado Election Machine Manipulation"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Claims the government of Russia has announced a warrant for the arrest of billionaire George Soros."
"BLATANT-LIE" "White trail left behind by planes in sky spreads covid-19"
"BLATANT-LIE" "The 2021 Georgia Senate runoff and the 2020 presidential election “were stolen.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Hunter Biden’s Rosemont Seneca investment fund financed the Pentagon’s military biological program in Ukraine.”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“New York state has already lost 99% of its historic freshwater wetlands.”"
"FALSE" "Ukraine grows 25% Of the World’s Wheat."
"BLATANT-LIE" "The price of crude oil increased 513% between Joe Biden’s inauguration and the Russian invasion of Ukraine"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Shane Warne’s son revealed his dad had chest pains from the COVID-19 vaccine prior to his death."
"FALSE" "“You go to a store, they don’t have bread.”"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "The study by Rössner et al. “add[ed] further evidence for the usefulness of vaccines and their clear advantage over natural immunity”"
"FALSE" "“It hasn’t been mandatory that any adverse events are reported” to the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System following COVID-19 vaccination."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“David McCormick fired Pennsylvanians and bragged about shipping their jobs to Asia.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Private sources confirmed to Sputnik that 87 militants had left for Ukraine … all of the 87 used to be affiliated with Daesh [Arabic for Islamic State] before they merged into new groups.”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“An extra 2 whole months and 15 days. That’s how long it takes for white women to make the same amount men made in the same job last year. And it’s even worse for women of color.”"
"TRUE" "Federal coverage for COVID-19 treatment and testing for uninsured Americans ended."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Biden told the press “I’m not gonna take any questions because I think it’s inappropriate”"
"FALSE" "“Oxygen kills cancer”; Otto Warburg won two Nobel Prizes for proving lack of oxygen is the cause of cancer"
"TRUE" "“Putin has the gall to say he’s ‘de-Nazifying’ Ukraine. It’s a lie.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Children in Israel, Finland, Sweden and Switzerland are provided with rifles at school."
"FALSE" "Joe Biden didn’t sign an antilynching bill in a ceremony outside the White House on March 29."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Ukrainian refugees beat a Russian teenager to death in Germany."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Medicare goes bankrupt in four years. Social Security goes bankrupt in 12 years.”"
"FALSE" " An Albert Einstein paper contradicts carbon dioxide-driven climate change."
"FALSE" "“We are allowing human organisms to become bioweapon factories”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Video shows final moments before Boeing 737 plane crash in China"
"FALSE" " “There is no evidence, other than models, that human CO2 emissions drive climate change and abundant evidence that the Sun, coupled with natural climate cycles, drives most, if not all, of recent climate changes”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Klaus Schwab Says ‘Internet Must Be Reformed’ For The ‘Great Reset’"
"BLATANT-LIE" " claims to show a mass graveyard for Russian soldiers who were killed during the invasion of Ukraine."
"FALSE" " Government Proposed Taxing Unrealized Gains For Most Americans."
"FALSE" "Old Fauci clip about natural immunity applies to COVID-19 vaccines."
"BLATANT-LIE" "A supporter of Vice President Leni Robredo tweeted to say that they fired their helpers and drivers who are supporting rival candidate Bongbong Marcos"
"FALSE" "“The House voted to cap insulin prices to $35/month, just $420 each year! Richard Hudson voted NO.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " “Remdesivir is proven to kill lives”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "According to the Census Bureau, “5 million more people voted than were registered to vote” in the 2020 election."
"FALSE" "UN Released Carbon Emissions Regulations Saying That Ships Will Have To Travel 30% Slower."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“As compared to last year, Texas has about 15% more power generation capacity.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " A video taken from a car driving through Bucha, Ukraine, shows a corpse “moving his arm,” and then “in the rear view mirror the ‘corpse’ sits down.”"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "If Wisconsin Gov. Tony Evers “had passed his (gas) tax increases … fuel prices would be at least a dime higher."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Purportedly shows a news article claiming that Disney’s CEO admitted “going woke” was a “huge mistake.”"
"FALSE" "“Leftist justice reform” is the reason that the NYC subway shooting suspect wasn’t in jail at the time of the attack."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Putin Did End The Rothschild’s Control Over Russia By Nationalizing The Russian Central Bank"
"FALSE" "Dave McCormick is “liberal, pro-Biden, pro-China.”"
"FALSE" "No empire in history has existed for more than 250 years."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“Inflation has gone up every month of the Biden presidency and just hit another 40-year high.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Klaus Schwab says property ownership is unsustainable in WEF tweet"
"FALSE" "Says he has “always” believed “in a woman’s right to choose.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Google Maps has opened all military and strategic facilities in Russia they have become available in maximum resolution"
"FALSE" " “turmeric prevents cancer.”"
"FALSE" "There are more people in work than there were before the pandemic."
"BLATANT-LIE" "A consent decree approved by Gov. Brian Kemp “invalidated all voter ID law” and “allowed fraudulent ballots to be accepted” in the 2020 race."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“We are watching what’s happening in the country … parents that are being attacked by the attorney general saying that somehow they are terrorists because they want to go to school board meetings.”"
"TRUE" "Cannabis reform “is supported by the majority of the residents of our state, including a majority of Republicans.”"
"FALSE" "“sooooo Red Cross won’t use vaxxed blood ??”"
"FALSE" "A “physics professor” says a mind-control weapon was used successfully in the Gulf War to force Iraqi troops to surrender."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“There has never been a leak anything like this” draft of a Supreme Court opinion that would overturn Roe v. Wade. “There’s never been a leak of a vote — much less an actual opinion, much less in a case of this significance.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“the CGG CGG coding […] does not appear in nature”, this and the furin cleavage site from the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein gene suggests the virus wasn’t transmitted from animals to humans"
"FALSE" "“In Texas, Republicans passed a law allowing rapists to sue their victims for getting an abortion.”"
"TRUE" "“New York leads the U.S. in population loss.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " “We categorically do not accept any war. We have done and are doing everything now so that there isn’t a war.”"
"FALSE" "“In Texas, Republicans passed a law allowing rapists to sue their victims for getting an abortion.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " claims the U.S. military raided and subsequently destroyed a Moderna vaccine warehouse in Kansas City, Missouri."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "The Biden administration has been “recklessly releasing potentially dangerous Afghans into our communities.”"
"TRUE" "40 percent of baby formula products are out of stock in the United States, forcing some mothers to drive hours away to find the necessary product."
"FALSE" "“When President Biden took office … there was no [COVID-19] vaccine available.”"
"FALSE" "Quebec passed bill eliminating parental primacy and increasing government power to make decisions regarding children."
"FALSE" "“David McCormick paid for attacks on Donald Trump.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " The Russian attack on a Mariupol maternity hospital was staged."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Congress Just Gave Itself A 21% Raise As Americans Can’t Afford Gas.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Marjorie Taylor Greene Refused to Clap for Volodymyr Zelensky."
"FALSE" "There were more than 1,200 vaccine-related deaths in the first 90 days of the Pfizer rollout."
"FALSE" "“Facebook is spamming all climate articles by misleading readers about” the accuracy of climate models.”"
"FALSE" "Attorney Thomas Renz Reveals Mind Blowing COVID Jab Injury Numbers From DoD Whistleblowers."
"FALSE" "“Pennsylvania had 2.6 million mail in votes that the court of appeals of PA held to be unconstitutional. Umm that alone means Biden lost PA.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Norton renewed your annual membership and said to contact the company for a refund."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Says Chuck Norris recorded a video in response to the Biden administration saying, “Our great country and freedom are under attack.”"
"FALSE" "Carlos Gimenez “wants a national database to track you and discriminate against you.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "4-Year-Old Cancer Patient Denied Make-A-Wish Over Vax Status."
"FALSE" "Claims that all transactions totaling over $600 made on third-party payment apps like Venmo and PayPal will now be subject to taxes."
"TRUE" "“The number of COVID-19 deaths recorded so far in 2021 has surpassed the total for 2020.”"
"FALSE" "“The shots were not studied in pregnant women”; “we have seen 50 times the rate of reporting [in VAERS] per month of miscarriages for this vaccine than the other vaccines put together.”"
"FALSE" "COVID-19 vaccine ingredients are not disclosed."
"FALSE" "“Blue Cross Blue Shield pays your doctor a $40,000 bonus for fully vaccinating at least 100 patients under the age of two.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "The COVID-19 vaccine contains bacteria and HIV, prevents body from making new white blood cells."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Mask mandates on children lead to learning loss that harms early childhood development.”"
"NO-EVIDENCE" "Glyphosate Is Responsible For Celiac Disease And Gluten Intolerance."
"TRUE" " U-Haul ran out of moving equipment for Californians leaving the state."
"FALSE" "We now have 420,000 more people in employment than there were before the pandemic began."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“This country’s working people actually got a raise.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Claims Trey Gowdy said one fifth of the population is attempting to convince everyone else “that 2000 years of history, structure, cultural norms, and philosophy is suddenly wrong…”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“People are 7% poorer now because of Biden inflation.”"
"NO-EVIDENCE" "Zinc supplements can protect against COVID-19; Zinc “kills the virus” and zinc ionophores are a “a zinc delivery system” that “allows zinc to go from outside the cell to inside the cell”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Claims World Economic Forum (WEF) executive chairman Klaus Schwab predicted the erasure of 4 billion “useless eaters” by 2050."
"FALSE" "Raghav Chadha said Raghav Chadha will curb alcohol problems in Punjab since he is an alcoholic himself"
"FALSE" "Justice Sonia Sotomayor tested positive for COVID-19, according to Facebook post showing image with altered CNBC headline."
"BLATANT-LIE" "NASA ‘admits’ polar ice has increased since 1979 and denies significant warming over the last 18 years"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "Omicron is “the fastest-spreading virus known to humankind.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "The Purpose Of COVID-19 Vaccines Is To ‘Kill Off A Large Proportion Of The Population’"
"BLATANT-LIE" "A video shared on Facebook purportedly shows Slovenian tennis player Dalila Jakupović collapsing during a match at the 2022 Australian Open."
"FALSE" "Video shows Chinese schoolchildren wearing hazmat suits"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Estimated annual COVID-19 deaths in the U.S. totals 27,530, after you subtract those who died “with, not from” COVID-19, not in nursing homes and who didn’t have four or more comorbidities."
"BLATANT-LIE" "MIT Scientist Proves COVID-19 Vaccine Has Possible Long Term Side Effects"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Every 37 seconds, someone is arrested for possession of marijuana.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Just 50,000 people have died from COVID-only."
"FALSE" "“DirecTV cancels OAN after Joe Biden orders media outlets and tech giants to banish voices that deviate from the regime’s official narrative.”"
"FALSE" "The alleged hackers of the Commission on Elections servers planned to commit electoral fraud against presidential aspirant Bongbong Marcos"
"FALSE" "Says Louie Anderson was flying to appear on Conan O’Brien’s show when he became ill a few weeks after receiving his third vaccine dose."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Claims actor Morgan Freeman called for people to stop taking COVID-19 tests and “live your life.”"
"FALSE" "Tim Tebow used to “kneel in prayer and the NFL complained.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Rep. Dan Crenshaw (R) Shouted at a 10-Year-Old Girl at an Event."
"TRUE" " U.S. President Joe Biden called Fox News reporter Peter Doocy a “stupid son of a bitch.”"
"FALSE" "Video shows the US dumping bodies of Covid-19 victims."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Centers for Disease Control and Prevention study determined previous coronavirus infections offered greater protection against coronavirus than vaccination."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“If the FAA is worried about what the 5G deployment will do to the planes, what do you think it will do to our bodies?”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "COVID-19 Vaccines Are Growing New Variants Inside The Bodies Of The Vaccinated"
"FALSE" " NYPD arrests nine-year-old girl for not showing proof of vaccination."
"FALSE" "“If you’re white, you don’t get the [COVID-19] vaccine or if you’re white, you don’t get [COVID-19] therapeutics.”"
"FALSE" "Purportedly shows an article published by The Guardian about Michael Spencer, a member of the U.K.’s House of Lords, funding a Congolese militia."
"FALSE" "Senior citizens have until Jan. 31 to apply for “free dental work” under a recently announced Medicare “stimulus.”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Fox News avoids lawsuits by claiming that “it’s NOT real news, but rather ‘entertainment.’”"
"FALSE" "The Biden-Harris administration “wants to hand out $450,000 to illegal immigrants.”"
"FALSE" " South Carolina truckers headed for anti-vaccine mandate rally."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" " President Joe Biden received five draft deferments because of his asthma and thus did not serve in the Vietnam War."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Australia has recorded 12 times more deaths due to COVID-19 vaccines than from all other vaccines combined over 50 years."
"FALSE" "“There’s never been a president (before Joe Biden) that has made race and gender the defining factor” for a Supreme Court nomination."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Total Deaths From COVID MUCH LOWER Than Reported”"
"FALSE" "Dr. Anthony Fauci has never taken care of patients."
"BLATANT-LIE" "COVID-19 Vaccines Contain Graphene bubbles, Can Be Remotely Detonated To Explode Like Bombs"
"FALSE" " Scottish data shows that the Covid-19 age-standardized case rate is highest among the two-dose vaccinated and lowest among unvaccinated! It further shows this trend of negative efficacy for the double-vaccinated persisting for hospitalizations and deaths."
"FALSE" "“All these athletes are dropping dead on the field” after receiving the COVID-19 vaccination."
"FALSE" "President Joe Biden confusedly handing Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer a face mask the president had used and walking away unmasked. "
"FALSE" "The Freedom to Vote Act is “a sprawling takeover of our whole political system.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Just 28,000 People A Year Died From COVID When You Exclude Nursing Home Deaths"
"FALSE" "There are “a total of 57 potential cross reactants that could give you a false positive when administering the PCR tests.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Allison Coleman and Lachlan Leary are two Australian Children who died after getting a COVID-19 Vaccine"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" " “Biden won’t allow Delta-variant COVID patients to get proven and effective monoclonal treatments even though there are 50,000-100,000 Americans infected by Delta EVERY DAY.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "COVID vaccines cause body to produce spike proteins in the brain, lung, heart, bone marrow, sex organs."
"FALSE" "COVID-19-induced pneumonia is “is actually mast cell degranulation of the lungs,” a type of allergic reaction."
"BLATANT-LIE" "An image shared on Facebook purportedly shows an NHS poster that warns the “COVID-19 Vaccine Causes Bell’s Palsy.”"
"FALSE" "“Chicago maintained the lowest unemployment rate through most of 2021 of any large American city.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Ten countries cancelled quarantine, covid procedures, vaccination, and Germany is recommending gargling with salt water to curb COVID"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“Clarence Thomas is about to become the only member of the current Supreme Court who was nominated by a president of one party and confirmed by a Senate controlled by the other party.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Wisconsin Assembly Unanimously Votes To Withdraw Biden’s 2020 Electoral Votes"
"FALSE" "Says Voltaire said, “To learn who rules over you, simply find out who you are not allowed to criticize.”"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" " A reminder that “Doctor” Rand Paul was a twice sued-for-malpractice eye doctor. He received his certification through an open-book take-home test administered by a non-accredit board that HE set up, consisting of his family."
"FALSE" "SCOTUS said testing and vaccine mandates were illegal."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Did rugby player Jordan Michallet die due to Covid-19 vaccine?"
"FALSE" "Proposed changes to the Electoral Count act show Pence had the power and “could have overturned the election!”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Of course, we’ve heard story after story. I mean, all these athletes dropping dead on the field, but we’re supposed to ignore that.”"
"NO-EVIDENCE" "“On average, between 1 in 2,000 and 1 in 3,000 children that receive these vaccines will be hospitalized in the short term with vaccine-caused damage.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " “Worldwide Data suggests Fully Vaccinated [people] are developing Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“The Holocaust isn’t about race. No, it’s not about race.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Unlike US, #Russia deploys military forces only upon request from host countries. We fulfil [sic] agreements with them and abide by international law.”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Thanks to the American Rescue Plan’s changes to the Affordable Care Act, “four out of five consumers (are) finding quality coverage for under $10 a month.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " The OPP And RCMP Report 2.3 Million People On Foot And Upwards To 150,000 Truckers At Anti-Vaccine Protest in Ottawa"
"FALSE" "Ivermectin was effective against omicron in phase 3 clinical trials."
"BLATANT-LIE" "A Michigan school put litter boxes in bathrooms for students who identify as cats."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“(I) am proud that Senator Rubio and I were able to help secure an unprecedented $1 billion for Everglades restoration, the largest single amount ever allocated by the federal government.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau posted a message on social media telling vaccinated Canadians to stop talking to their unvaccinated relatives."
"FALSE" "Mike Pence did have the right to change the outcome, and they now want to take that right away. Unfortunately, he didn’t exercise that power, he could have overturned the Election!”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Ron DeSantis let “millions of COVID-19 tests expire.”"
"FALSE" " American taxpayer dollars provide “free housing, free medical, free state identification” to immigrants in the country illegally."
"BLATANT-LIE" " Johns Hopkins Does Confirm You Can Be Vaccinated With COVID PCR Test"
"BLATANT-LIE" " As of January and February 2022, Pfizer owned Neil Young’s song catalog or held sway over him and dictated his views on COVID-19 vaccination."
"FALSE" "A post shared on Facebook claims all South African hospitals and clinics will offer free paternity tests starting June 2022."
"FALSE" "Photo shows Empire State Building lit up to support Ukraine."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Ghost of Kyiv has been shot down per APNews he had 15 kills."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Under Greg Abbott’s leadership, Texas is putting taxpayer dollars into Chinese companies.”"
"TRUE" " A Taliban spokesperson released a statement calling for “restraint by both parties” and “to resolve the crisis through dialogue and peaceful means.”"
"FALSE" "Video cameras in cell where Epstein’s alleged model-agent pimp Jean-Luc Brunel was found dead reportedly not working at the time."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“According to reports, the U.S. Embassy provided $1 million a day to support the so-called protest camp on Independence Square in Kyiv.”"
"FALSE" "“It’s not illegal to go inside the Capitol” as the Oath Keepers and other Jan. 6 rioters did."
"FALSE" "Thrombosis Deaths In UK Are 500%-600% Greater Than Last 14 Years"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Without a shred of clinical data to support its decision, the Biden Administration has revoked the emergency use authorization for lifesaving monoclonal antibody treatments.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Microsoft developing microchip to hold vaccination status, trials in July"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Video Shows ‘Illegal’ Migrant Workers Arriving At Florida Hotel"
"TRUE" "“Tax collections for the first half of the current financial year rose at the fastest pace since president Uhuru Kenyatta took power in 2013 …”"
"FALSE" "“They call” Jan. 6 “an insurrection,” but “were FBI agents used as political agitators?”"
"FALSE" "Dan Bongino’s Graphic Of Unhealthy U.S. Cities Run By Democrats"
"FALSE" "“You couldn’t buy a cannon” when the Second Amendment was passed."
"FALSE" " A post shared on Instagram alleges Pfizer advised against unprotected sex up to 28 days after receiving the second dose of its COVID-19 vaccine due to potential reproductive risks."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez said, “I don’t need truckers. I get my food from the grocery store.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Korean has been adopted as an official language of the UN."
"TRUE" "“Iowa Republicans have introduced a bill that would put government-installed cameras in every single classroom to livestream school activities for parents to spy on teachers and children.”"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“Governor Kate Brown wants to make Oregon’s mask mandate PERMANENT.”"
"FALSE" " Biden Administration To Fund Crack Pipes, Heroin."
"FALSE" "A study on the NIH website comes to a different conclusion than the CDC about the use of ivermectin to treat COVID-19."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Incidences of heart attacks, Bell’s palsy, congenital malformations, female infertility, pulmonary embolisms, neurological abnormalities and cancers have increased dramatically, according to NHS data."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Biden and most Democrats want to cap insulin prices at $35 per month. All 50 Republicans in the Senate are opposed to it.”"
"FALSE" "The CDC’s death rate estimates for COVID-19 are “classifying people who have 1 or 2 jabs as ‘unvaccinated.'”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“President Trump sanctioned Russia. President Biden gave them a pipeline.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "More than 200 Australian doctors have been struck off the medical register during the COVID-19 pandemic."
"FALSE" "“4 busloads of illegals” were “dropped off from the Southern Border” at a Florida hotel."
"BLATANT-LIE" " Judge Ordered Ottawa Police To Return Seized Fuel Taken During ‘Freedom Convoy’"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Clips of Dr. Anthony Fauci show he “flip-flopped” on guidance for wearing masks, whether kids should be in school and whether people should change how they interact."
"TRUE" "R. Kelly is a convicted pedophile. His music is still on Spotify. The Left has no problem with that, yet they’re waging war against Rogan."
"FALSE" "Dispensers sell bullets ‘by the pound’ at an Idaho grocery store"
"BLATANT-LIE" "80% Of Serious COVID Cases In Israel ARE among Fully Vaccinated, says Dr. Yaakov Jerris."
"FALSE" "COVID-19 vaccines caused a 40% increase in deaths identified by a life insurance company."
"BLATANT-LIE" "A nine-year-old girl was arrested at the Natural History Museum in New York City for refusing to show proof of vaccination."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" " “New Jersey and Maryland produce more solar power than Florida, the Sunshine State!”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "The COVID-19 vaccine “destroys the subject’s natural immune system”; HIV VB variant is a “cover up”"
"FALSE" "COVID-19 vaccines are the first that allow the virus to spread “even after vaccination.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Canadian Government Planted Dumpster Full Of Rocks To Provoke Violence At ‘Freedom Convoy’"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Arizona House bill to “decertify” 2020 results “could effectively recall the Biden electors.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " COVID Vaccines Are Experimental Gene Therapy."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“In Joe Biden’s America, your children are more likely to have access to a crack pipe than a mask-free education.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "COVID vaccines cause permanent damage to children’s critical organs."
"BLATANT-LIE" "The CDC staged “the ‘escaping monkeys’ as a cover story for releasing the next bioweapon.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "The New Zealand government is considering putting COVID-19 vaccines into city water supplies."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Food crops can be engineered right now based on existing technology to cause infertility in Black people alone.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Allegedly shows a COVID-19 crisis actor emerging out of a body bag in the middle of a news broadcast."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Doctors In Western Countries Are Being Arrested For Prescribing Ivermectin"
"FALSE" "There is no evidence carbon dioxide directly causes any change in the climate."
"BLATANT-LIE" "COVID-19 Vaccines Are ‘Dangerous And Ineffective’ And ‘Need To Be Withdrawn From The Market’"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“The second booster has eight strains of HIV.”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" " In February 2022, Moderna CEO Stéphane Bancel suddenly dumped $400 million worth of the company’s stock over worries that it was about to lose value because of “bad news,” and deleted his Twitter account."
"FALSE" " A video shows that “OnlyFans has guys on campus encouraging your daughters to do porn for ‘financial freedom.’”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "An image shared on Facebook allegedly shows a CNN chyron claiming Russian President Vladimir Putin will not invade Ukraine until U.S. President Joe Biden delivers weapons to the country “for Russia to capture.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Photo shows the freedom convoy in Canberra, Australia, with over 1.5 million cars."
"BLATANT-LIE" " 44 Percent of Black People Do Have HIV;"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Claim by "
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“Inflation has been caused by the global economies shutting down all at once, reopening all at once. And … the U.S. economy is recovering at a far faster pace than any other country in the OECD.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Hackers released ‘vaccine death data’ from Pfizer and Moderna."
"FALSE" " Turning Point USA is a white nationalist organization."
"BLATANT-LIE" "In 2021, cases of pregnancy and fertility issues, cancer, neurological issues, and heart disease spiked after COVID-19 vaccination"
"TRUE" " “The social relief of distress grant has provided support to more than 10 million unemployed people…”"
"FALSE" " “[T]he law allows Trump to tear up documents, shred them, and take documents when he left the White House.”"
"FALSE" "Data from the US military shows a sharp rise in the incidence of various diseases in 2021."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“Teachers can only deduct up to $250 for school supplies on their taxes, but billionaires can write off the entire cost of a private jet.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Shocking Evidence of Widespread Fraud in Wisconsin’s Voter Database."
"FALSE" "At least 50% of people who survive Covid-19 have debilitating health issues in the months afterwards."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Modi government has spent Rs 1,000-crore to build the Statue of Equality."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Says the Biden administration’s Unaccompanied Alien Children process has “no vetting, no transparency.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "The Lancet Published Medical Professor’s Warning That Natural Immunity Has Made Vaccine Mandates Irrelevant"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Says Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene said, “If it weren’t for electricity, we’d all be watching TV by candlelight.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "purportedly shows former President Donald Trump with his pants pulled high above his waist."
"FALSE" "“Books banned in Texas include 1984, Maus, and The Handmaid’s Tale, but not Mein Kampf.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau posted a message on social media telling vaccinated Canadians to stop talking to their unvaccinated relatives."
"FALSE" "“Ukraine was the No. 1 donor to Hillary Clinton when she was running for president.”"
"FALSE" " Queen Elizabeth II is taking ivermectin to treat COVID-19."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Greenpeace USA had a banner on Trump International Hotel in Las Vegas making fun of Donald Trump’s genitalia."
"FALSE" " Trump Passed Bill Raising Taxes In 2021 And Every Two Years Until 2027"
"FALSE" "“The latest with the Durham report is that the Clinton campaign … actually spied on the president of the United States.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“The United States directly controls the National Agency on Corruption Prevention, the National Anti-Corruption Bureau, the Specialized Anti-Corruption Prosecutor’s Office and the High Anti-Corruption Court.”"
"FALSE" "The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has amassed the “largest collection of human data in history” through COVID-19 PCR tests."
"FALSE" " Moderna and Pfizer are not Mandating COVID Vaccine For Its Employees."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Luc Montagnier’s death is linked to his “exposing” that there’s HIV in the COVID-19 vaccine."
"FALSE" "Everyone is at Risk for Blood Clots, Even The Healthiest Athletes"
"FALSE" "CDC lowered speech standard for children because of masking."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“As we know, it has already been stated today that Ukraine intends to create its own nuclear weapons, and this is not just bragging.”"
"FALSE" "Claimed that he had not suggested increasing federal income taxes on “over half of Americans” in his 11-point plan."
"FALSE" "CDC data show mass vaccination with the COVID-19 vaccine has had no measurable impact on COVID-19 mortality in the United States"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Federal Reserve is owned by a small group of banking families."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "Gov. Tony Evers has “only gotten one-third of the money meant for COVID relief out the door. He is sitting on $930 million in ARPA funds left unspent. In fact, he still has CARES Act money from two years ago.”"
"TRUE" " Did former U.S. President Donald Trump call Russian President Vladimir Putin’s stated Ukraine strategy “savvy” and “genius.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " “In accordance with Article 51 of Part 7 of the U.N. Charter … I have decided to conduct a special military operation. Its purpose is to protect people who have been subjected to scorn and genocide by the Kyiv regime for eight years."
"FALSE" " Russia is targeting U.S. biological weapons labs in Ukraine invasion."
"BLATANT-LIE" " Claims the FDA said Pfizer falsely misled them regarding the safety of its COVID-19 vaccine, adding that it was causing two deaths for every life it saved."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Freedom Convoy protesters in Ottawa, Ontario were arrested and released “in the middle of nowhere” because the arrests were “illegal.”"
"TRUE" " Russian state television has been airing and translating clips from Fox News host Tucker Carlson’s show where he defends Putin."
"BLATANT-LIE" " allegedly shows an explosion at a Ukrainian power plant caused by a Russian airstrike."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Ethnic Russians face “genocide perpetrated by the Kyiv regime.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Video shows Ukrainian crisis actors come to life after pretending to be dead."
"BLATANT-LIE" " The Ukrainian Flag Was Draped On The Statue Of Liberty."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "The IRS is taking money away from people who received unemployment benefits."
"FALSE" " COVID-19 vaccine mRNA is converted to DNA and enters the cell’s nucleus, so the vaccines can potentially change our DNA"
"TRUE" " Ukrainian Deputy Prime Minister Mykhailo Fedorov wrote a letter to Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg, calling for the company to block access to Facebook and Instagram in Russia."
"FALSE" "Video shows voter fraud by the BJP during the 2022 Uttar Pradesh elections."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" " Joe Biden “has been secretly flying illegal immigrants into communities across the country in the middle of the night.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "The FDA said vaccines are linked to heart attacks and deaths."
"NO-EVIDENCE" "Evidence that ivermectin works to treat COVID-19 is “powerful” and “overwhelming.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "U.S. Government Secretly Paid Major Media Outlets to Promote COVID Vaccines, Suppress Negative Coverage"
"FALSE" "Video shows Russian President Vladimir Putin visited Air India aircraft to convince Indians."
"FALSE" "“Ukrainian President [Zelensky] fled Kiev abandoning his people [and] broadcasts Presidential videos with a green screen.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Third COVID shot did cause rapid cancer growth."
"FALSE" "A Ukrainian combat medic who died in February was seen in a video Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky posted of his visit to see wounded soldiers."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Poland is sending jets to a US air base in Germany to send to Ukraine."
"BLATANT-LIE" " One pregnant crisis actor played the part of several pregnant women for propaganda photos at the site of a bombed non-operational hospital"
"FALSE" "Ukraine is not a sovereign state and is part of Russia."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Chelsea Manning is in jail, while George Bush and Dick Cheney are free."
"BLATANT-LIE" " Leaked visitor logs revealed that Rep. Adam Schiff visited sex trafficker Jeffrey Epstein’s private island 78 times."
"FALSE" " To "
"FALSE" "60% of Democrats say they wouldn’t fight if America was invaded."
"BLATANT-LIE" "U.S. Army officially begins dishonorably discharging soldiers who haven’t taken the vaccine"
"FALSE" "Employers can be jailed under the “Corporate Manslaughter Act” for adverse vaccine reactions suffered by their employees."
"FALSE" "Says Mike Gibbons said “military service doesn’t count as real work.”"
"TRUE" "Ketanji Brown Jackson Was The Judge During The Pizzagate Sentencing"
"FALSE" "“CDC is no longer releasing data comparing vaccinated vs unvaccinated deaths & hospitalizations.”"
"FALSE" " “If you don’t have hepatitis B then your baby’s not going to have hepatitis B”; “there’s 16 times the amount of aluminum that the FDA says can poison a baby”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“The Space Foundation has erased the honors previously bestowed on Yuri Gagarin, the first man to ever be in space. His name was stripped ‘in light of current events.’”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Employers can be jailed under the “Corporate Manslaughter Act” for adverse vaccine reactions suffered by their employees."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "As with people vaccinated against COVID-19, “many people who were NOT vaccinated also experienced zero or mild symptoms.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Obamacare And Medical Coding Are Part Of A Global System Of Human Trafficking."
"FALSE" "“The proposed (Virginia) House budget cuts hundreds of millions in funding for public education…”"
"FALSE" " Photos show Sen. Marsha Blackburn flashing a “white power gesture” during a Senate hearing (or vote) on the confirmation of Ketanji Brown Jackson to the Supreme Court."
"FALSE" "New York City is “wasting taxpayer money on” billboards in Florida."
"FALSE" "Ukrainian citizens need to be vaccinated to receive government war payment"
"FALSE" "President Joe Biden recently faked a visit to a children’s hospital in Washington, D.C"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Vaccines Cause Brain Damage"
"BLATANT-LIE" "purportedly shows a man who died two weeks after stating that he had an affair with former President Barack Obama."
"FALSE" "We Can ‘Eat Our Way Out Of This Pandemic’ By Eating Leeks."
"FALSE" "It Is ‘Odd’ That The COVID-19 Vaccine Was Developed So Quickly."
"FALSE" "Congress party spokesman calls PM Modi a hero."
"FALSE" "Gas prices were “$1.86 when I left” the White House."
"FALSE" "Gasoline is $2.10 in Russia, $0.78 in Kuwait and $0.98 in Saudi Arabia."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Vaccinated people under 60 in England “are dying at twice the rate of unvaccinated people the same age. … I don’t know how to explain this other than vaccine-caused mortality.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "5G Millimeter Waves Causes Health Problems In Humans."
"FALSE" "Symptoms of the omicron variant include “Heart failure, Arrhythmia, Heart inflammation, Blood clots, Strokes, Peripheral Nerve Damage, Multi Organ Failure,” and are actually caused by COVID-19 vaccines."
"FALSE" "Images show weapons seized in Debre Sina, Ethiopia."
"BLATANT-LIE" "The COVID-19 vaccine is the “deadliest vaccine ever made.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Ivanka Trump Is Joining The Democrats To Run Against Her Dad."
"FALSE" "“Americans on average have about $100 more in their pockets each month than they did last year, after accounting for inflation.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "A post shared on Facebook claims the omicron COVID-19 variant is named after a military code."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Former President George W. Bush Was Arrested On Veterans Day, Denied Tribunal Extension."
"FALSE" "“As far as African countries are concerned, it is only Nigeria that has been taken off the impunity index.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Society is “choosing blood clots and heart problems over cold and flu symptoms, or even no symptoms at all.”"
"FALSE" "“In Germany, a fence separates vaccinated and unvaccinated people. The biggest symptom of COVID is insanity”"
"FALSE" "“The toxicity of COVID-Omicron is 5 times higher than that of the Delta variant, and the mortality rate is also higher than that of Delta.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Pilot Deaths Up 1700% after Vax Mandates."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Says Vice President Kamala Harris called the unvaccinated “dirty Trump people.”"
"FALSE" "Video shows the atrocities faced by minorities in Kashmir."
"FALSE" "Heart complications are one symptom “listed” for the omicron variant and are being “used to cover up effects” of COVID-19 vaccines."
"BLATANT-LIE" "the image shows a 2014 tweet by astronaut Buzz Aldrin confessing that NASA’s Apollo mission to the moon were “staged.”"
"FALSE" "“The CBO says (the Build Back Better Act) is $3 trillion of deficit spending.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Pfizer Vaccine Document Says Thousands Were Killed By Shot In First Month"
"FALSE" "“New Zealand’s prime minister has given some Kiwis an early Christmas present as she announced that newly relaxed Covid-19 restrictions, based on a ‘traffic light system,’ allow for orgies of up to 25 people.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“I’ve been against that war in Afghanistan from the very beginning.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "the image shows what scientists have predicted Earth “will look like in 20 years from space if we don’t reverse climate change” "
"FALSE" "“2,809 Dead Babies in VAERS Following COVID Shots as New Documents Prove Pfizer, the FDA, and the CDC Knew the Shots Were Not Safe for Pregnant Women”"
"FALSE" "Dr. Fauci Admits That Covid Vaccines May Actually Make People ‘Worse’"
"BLATANT-LIE" "the World Economic Forum (WEF) reported about the omicron variant back in July."
"FALSE" "Billboard shows New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern telling Kiwis to get booster shot to get up to six months worth of freedoms."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“McDonald’s puts aborted baby fetuses in their food.”"
"FALSE" "A list of athletes injured by COVID-19 vaccines “shows that there may be something wrong with the vaccine.”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Adam Schiff ‘Tampered’ With Jim Jordan January 6 Evidence"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Dr. Anthony Fauci said a COVID-19 vaccine could make people worse"
"FALSE" "Claim by Prime Minister Narendra Modi"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Boy passes Joe Biden a vial of fresh blood to drink on his way back to the White House.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "A probe found more ‘illegal votes’ in Wisconsin than Biden’s victory margin"
"NO-EVIDENCE" "A preprint of an ivermectin study in the Brazilian city of Itajaí found that prophylactic ivermectin reduced COVID-19 hospitalization and mortality by half"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“Voter ID is supported by an overwhelming majority of NYers, from all across the state, walks of life, & political parties.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "The Salvation Army Mandated Critical Race Theory Training."
"FALSE" "It’s a myth that autism is genetic."
"BLATANT-LIE" "60,000 scientists call for an end to mass vaccination."
"FALSE" "An abstract published in an American Heart Association journal is “Proof the Covid Jab is Murder.”"
"TRUE" "Jimmy Carter Stopped a Nuclear Reactor From Destroying Ottawa"
"BLATANT-LIE" " “Sweden obliterates the lie of ‘vaccines’ as ticket to ending pandemic” mass vaccination create vaccine-mediated viral enhancement"
"FALSE" "Malaysian police investigating ‘slash and grab’ robberies using business-card knives"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "The expanded child tax credit in the Build Back Better Act has “no means testing,” so people making $200,000 and $400,000 would get “the same as someone making” $70,000."
"BLATANT-LIE" " mRNA vaccines force “your child’s body to make toxic spike proteins. These proteins often cause permanent damage in children’s critical organs”; “there is no benefit for your children or your family to be vaccinating your children”"
"FALSE" "“Maybe they’re just calling the common cold … the omicron variant.”"
"FALSE" " claims that the Federal Emergency Management System (FEMA) arrived in Kentucky to provide relief to tornado-struck areas with more vaccines than other supplies."
"BLATANT-LIE" " COVID Vaccine Spike Proteins Do Enter Cell Nuclei, Suppress DNA Repair, Or Unleash Cancer, Immunodeficiency, Autoimmune Disorders Or Accelerated Aging"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "100,000 people in Scotland currently suffering from long Covid"
"FALSE" "Santa Claus was arrested by German police for not wearing a mask at a market."
"BLATANT-LIE" " CDC Admits Vaccinated Parents Are Killing Unvaccinated Kids"
"BLATANT-LIE" " “They’ve now killed close to twice as many kids from the vaccine as have died from COVID.”"
"TRUE" " Marjorie Taylor Greene Owns Stock in Three Vaccine Manufacturers"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Vice President Kamala Harris tweeting that Kyle Rittenhouse created a specific Instagram account and that people should not follow it"
"FALSE" "“The Budapest Memorandum concerns security guarantees for Ukraine as a non-nuclear state … [A]ll guarantees have been provided and observed.”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "People vaccinated for COVID-19 “do not spread the disease to anyone else.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "female Afghan pilot stoned to death in public."
"BLATANT-LIE" " COVID-19 is equivalent to the common cold."
"FALSE" " More Americans died from COVID under Joe Biden than Donald Trump."
"BLATANT-LIE" " An image shows a tweet from CNN about Coca-Cola changing its Santa Claus character from “a caucasian man to an afro-american man.”"
"FALSE" "23.5 million people in England haven’t had a single dose of Covid-19 vaccine."
"FALSE" "“I represent more, or just as many or more, people than Joe Manchin does.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "An image shared on Facebook purportedly shows a poster created by the World Health Organization that says, “We’re in this forever.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Hydroxychloroquine Does Decalcify The Pineal Gland."
"FALSE" "“Polar bears have increased 400% in 45 years; whales are nearly fully recovered; extinctions are down 90% past century. Koalas are doing fine. If we could ban wind turbines we could save 85,000 birds of prey/yr in US alone.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "a “game-changing study” showed that “COVID vaccines [were] more dangerous than the virus itself”; “children aged 12 to 17 are more likely to be hospitalized for myocarditis than for COVID.”"
"FALSE" "People with “natural immunity” from COVID-19 due to prior infection cannot catch the virus again."
"BLATANT-LIE" " Team of 1,000 lawyers And 10,000 Medical Experts Did Not Start Nuremberg 2 Trial against World Leaders for Crimes Against Humanity"
"BLATANT-LIE" "People in their 20s have a “7 times higher risk of death after vaccination than from COVID”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "the image shows the White House website saying President Joe Biden’s winter plan to fight COVID-19 includes putting Americans into quarantine centers"
"FALSE" "Photo shows Prime Minister Narendra Modi touched the feet of IAS officer Arti Dogra."
"FALSE" "NASA study says snake plants can produce enough oxygen for humans to live in a sealed room."
"BLATANT-LIE" "only one person in the world has died from the omicron variant of coronavirus"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Tesco’s pro-vaccine Christmas ad was removed after receiving backlash."
"FALSE" "The omicron variant of COVID-19 “came out” in 2021, but “the copyright on this book” about the variant is 2020."
"FALSE" "A Hindu woman was abducted outside a court in Umerkot, Pakistan."
"FALSE" "At Lions Gate Hospital in Vancouver, “13 babies were reportedly stillborn at the hospital in a period of 24 hours. All of their mothers had received a COVID-19 injection.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Symptoms of the Omicron Variant Used To Cover Up Effects of Covid Vaccines."
"BLATANT-LIE" "A picture shared on Facebook purportedly shows a giant Nubian mummy that was found in North America."
"FALSE" "OSHA Suspension Of Vaccine Mandate Announcement Is not all over the Media"
"FALSE" " The military arrested Anita Dunn, a former senior adviser to President Joe Biden."
"FALSE" "400 children were treated in one week for adverse reactions to COVID-19 shots at a hospital in Calgary, Canada."
"FALSE" "mRNA COVID-19 are harmful for children."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Switzerland is the first country to approve “suicide chamber.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Washington University School of Medicine study found that COVID-19 infection confers protection for life."
"FALSE" " Omicron Variant Of Covid-19 Is Spreading Faster Than Any Other Virus In History."
"FALSE" " purportedly shows Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau stating that he was going to limit human rights."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Ashli Babbitt Tried To Stop Antifa False Flag On Jan 6th”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Researchers Discovered ‘Various Foreign Objects’ Like Worms In Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "A Black Lives Matter administrator was arrested in a 1983 bombing at the U.S. Capitol."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Hackers Cracked Pfizer And Moderna Servers And Reveal Vaccine Death Data."
"FALSE" "The COVID-19 vaccines are experimental"
"FALSE" "NZ Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern expressed gushing support for Philippines presidential candidate Ferdinand “Bongbong” Marcos Jr."
"FALSE" "“There’s 150 I believe now – it’s over 100 professional athletes dead, professional athletes, the prime of their life, dropping dead that are vaccinated, right on the pitch, right on the field, right on the court.”"
"FALSE" " A picture shows official “Trump 2024” flags being sewn in China with the slogan, “Save America Again!”"
"TRUE" "In Iowa, “since we have put a number of the voting laws into place over the last several years — voter ID is one of those — we’ve actually seen voter participation increase, even in off-election years.”"
"FALSE" "“Without a shred of clinical data to support its decision, the Biden Administration has revoked the emergency use authorization for lifesaving monoclonal antibody treatments.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Kris Aquino died after her health deteriorated into a critical condition."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Says the FDA said that Pfizer “falsely misled” the agency about the safety of the COVID-19 vaccines and that the shots are killing more people than they save."
"FALSE" "Cancer rates have increased 20-fold since Operation Warp Speed."
"TRUE" "“More than half of Virginia’s school buildings are older than 50 years.”"
"FALSE" " COVID Vaccines Have Increased ‘Serious Injury’ By Over 2000% In Germany"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Former President Donald Trump’s “Truth Social” platform will cost users $4.99 a week."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Claims 50 percent of Ottawa’s police force resigned in the wake of the Freedom Convoy protests in the city."
"BLATANT-LIE" "A photo shows “NATO resupplying Ukrainian farmers anti-tank supplies.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " TV personalities such as Shark Tank investors, Dr. Phil and Dr. Oz endorsed CBD gummies; CBD gummies have numerous health benefits"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Five Wisconsin cities received money for the 2020 election from Mark Zuckerberg, which amounted to “a wave of massive election bribery.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Kiev regime was covertly preparing an offensive operation against Donbass"
"FALSE" " Encephalitis caused by Pfizer’s Covid-19 vaccine."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" " The Conservatives cut the army from 98,000 personnel in 2010 to 72,500 in 2021 – a reduction of over 25,000."
"FALSE" "“Never in American history has so much been spent at one time. Never in American history will so many taxes be raised and so much borrowing be needed to pay for this reckless spending.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "mRNA COVID-19 Vaccines Stunt Development Of Children’s Immune Systems."
"FALSE" "“Italy drastically reduced the country’s official Covid-19 death count by over 97%.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "A photo shows Kyle Rittenhouse wearing a “Klan outfit.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Elementary students in Delaware received a ‘List of Privileges’ letter."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Austrian MP Eva-Maria Holzleitner died due to vaccine complications midway through a pro-vaccine speech."
"FALSE" "“Virginia Democrat operatives” and Terry McAuliffe campaign staffers posed as white supremacists and stood by Republican Glenn Youngkin’s bus."
"FALSE" "Gov. DeSantis Said FL Schools Would No Longer Require Any Vaccinations Against Infectious Diseases"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Fairfax County (Va.) is not requiring the last four digits of Social Security Numbers on absentee ballots in this election.”"
"FALSE" " White House press secretary Jen Psaki’s Covid-19 case shows shots ineffective"
"FALSE" "Video shows Hindutva mob beating a Muslim man in Tripura"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Pfizer patent application for “tracking vaccinated humans worldwide via microwave and graphene held in fatty tissues of the vaccinated” was recently approved"
"FALSE" "there’s no need for previously infected people to get vaccinated; vaccination offers no additional benefit"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“There are over 1 million phantom voters on the Florida voter rolls.”"
"FALSE" " Covid-19 third booster increase risks of lymphoma and autoimmune diseases"
"BLATANT-LIE" " a specific man died of COVID-19 in two different cities"
"FALSE" "COVID-19 data from England suggests that vaccinated people have a higher risk of dying with the virus than the unvaccinated."
"BLATANT-LIE" "The violence on Jan. 6 was led by left-wing agitators and agents provocateurs."
"FALSE" " Videos Show Legitimate Ballots Discarded and Shredded In Gloucester County, NJ"
"BLATANT-LIE" "CEO of Pfizer arrested, charged with fraud – media blackout – Conservative Beaver"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Wages have gone up higher, faster than inflation.”"
"FALSE" "“During the episode, American forces confiscated the tanker that was carrying a cargo of Iranian oil in the strategic Sea of Oman, transferring its consignment of crude to another vessel.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " The Jan. 6 rioters are “political prisoners” facing excessive punishment."
"BLATANT-LIE" "International Common Law Court of Justice—based in Brussels, New York, and Vancouver—issued a warrant for the arrest of Pope Francis for “crimes against humanity,” charging the pope with, among other things, child abuse, ritual murder, and mass murder."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" " “Violent crime rate dropped like a rock following West Virginia’s adoption of permitless carry.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Pfizer adds ingredient used to stabilize heart attack victims in vax for kids"
"FALSE" "Doctors and nurses are being forced to quit over the vaccine mandate, “yet FEMA doctors and nurses are exempt.”"
"FALSE" "Video shows police officer in Australia violently arresting suspect causing serious injuries."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Ashli Babbitt was assassinated despite posing no threat on Jan. 6."
"BLATANT-LIE" "claims Democratic New York Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez said the term “natural food” needs to be redefined."
"FALSE" "Bergen County in New Jersey gave more votes to the Democratic gubernatorial candidate after all the ballots were counted."
"FALSE" "“This idea that it’s the pandemic of the unvaccinated, it’s just a total lie.”"
"FALSE" "Data from Israel shows COVID-19 vaccines don’t reduce hospitalisations."
"FALSE" "The Biden Department of Justice “would use the FBI to target parents who speak out against critical race theory.”"
"FALSE" "Kyle Rittenhouse Crossed State Lines With An AR-15."
"FALSE" "“Statistically, the numbers” of COVID-19 hospitalizations and deaths “are pretty much the same as they were before the vaccine.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "2,433 Dead Babies Found In VAERS As Another Study Does Show mRNA Shots Unsafe for Pregnant Women"
"FALSE" " “79.4% of babies who die of ‘SIDS’ had a vaccine the same day.”"
"FALSE" "Fawad Chaudhry kicked out of National Assembly"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“If you’re a low-wage worker and you’re single and don’t have children, we’re literally taxing you into poverty.”"
"FALSE" " Pfizer Study Does Confirm Vaccinated People Can ‘Shed’ Spike Proteins And Harm The Unvaccinated"
"BLATANT-LIE" " the video shows Vice President Kamala Harris saying, “Virtually every person who is in the hospital sick with COVID-19 right now is vaccinated.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " “Italian Higher Institute of Health has drastically reduced the country’s official COVID death toll number by over 97% after changing the definition of a fatality to someone who died from COVID rather than with COVID”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“During the AIDS crisis, can you imagine if gay men and intravenous drug users … had they been pariahs the way the non-vaccinated are? But it would’ve been inconceivable.”"
"FALSE" "Children as young as 10 have been fined for not wearing face masks in Victoria."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“There is no added safety to the public if you’re vaccinated.”"
"FALSE" "Biden team won’t admit it, but the COVID-19 pandemic is over"
"BLATANT-LIE" " The Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine for children contains tromethamine, “a heart attack medication” with “a lot of potentially serious side effects”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Claims to show Joe Biden revealing that all Americans would have their guns taken by the government."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Three States Pulled CNN’S Broadcasting License"
"FALSE" "Retired Supreme Court associate justice Antonio Carpio filed a petition at the Commission on Elections for the disqualification of Ferdinand “Bongbong” Marcos Jr. as a candidate for president in the 2022 elections."
"FALSE" "“Global warming is part of (a) natural cycle and there’s nothing we can actually do to stop these cycles.”"
"FALSE" " The WHO considers a child’s presence at school alone to be sufficient as informed consent for vaccination"
"FALSE" "“NIH COVID Treatment Guidelines Approve Ivermectin”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " there have been 2,508 miscarriages in the U.S. “as a result of” COVID-19 vaccines."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Indian State Of Uttar Pradesh Did Drop COVID Cases To Zero In 71 out 75 Districts In 24 Hours After Implementing Ivermectin Protocol"
"FALSE" "Human rights violations committed under the Marcos dictatorship have never been proven in court"
"FALSE" "CDC Admits Crushing Rights of Naturally Immune Without Proof They Transmit the Virus"
"FALSE" "Long COVID is “mostly a mental disease”; the condition long COVID is solely due to a person’s belief, not actual disease; long COVID doesn’t exist"
"FALSE" "Kyle Rittenhouse’s mother “drove him across state lines and dropped him off in the middle of a riot armed with an assault rifle” in Kenosha."
"BLATANT-LIE" " Woman was ejected from a hockey game for wearing a ‘Let’s Go Brandon’ shirt."
"FALSE" "In 2019, Labor had a policy to raise the price of petrol to force people to switch to electric vehicles."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“In 2015, when Terry McAuliffe was governor, the Virginia Department of Education promoted incorporating critical race theory lens in education…They were trying to indoctrinate kids.”"
"FALSE" " A video shows a woman on a flight complaining about a passenger’s vaccination status."
"FALSE" " the U.K. government “discontinued” Fox News’ broadcasting license and “threw them out”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Deaths Reported To VAERS Associated With COVID-19 Vaccinations All Come From Five Percent Of Vaccine Batches"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Children are 50 times more likely to be killed by the Covid vaccines than by the virus itself.”"
"FALSE" "Ferdinand Marcos retook the bar exam via oral recitation and got a score of 95%, still the highest bar exam grade in Philippine history"
"FALSE" "NIH’s Oct. 20 letter about research on bat coronaviruses in China “proves all along that this virus was started in the Wuhan lab.”"
"FALSE" "Study Finds COVID Spike Protein Created in Vaccines ‘Hijacking’ Human Body DNA Repair and Adaptive Immune System Mechanisms – Vision Times"
"FALSE" "“There are approximately 100,000 structural — structurally deficient bridges in America that could crumble or collapse at any moment.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Trump got 80 million votes in the 2020 election."
"BLATANT-LIE" " An image shows a COVID-19 vaccine appointment sign with an organ donation reminder."
"FALSE" "Prime Minister Narendra Modi bowed down before Jawaharlal Nehru’s statue."
"FALSE" "“Only one member of Iowa’s federal delegation” voted in favor of the bipartisan infrastructure legislation."
"FALSE" " “No economist out there is projecting that (the Build Back Better bill) will have a negative impact on inflation.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Children 50 times more likely to die from COVID-19 vaccine than the virus."
"BLATANT-LIE" "A motorcade for Bongbong Marcos in the Ilocos region holds the Guinness World Record for the “longest motorcade caravan” in the Philippines."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Biden’s banking nominee demands all ‘private bank accounts’ be eliminated”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Swiss police arrested World Economic Forum executive chairman Klaus Schwab on Nov. 13"
"FALSE" "“The Build Back Better Act … reduces the deficit over the long-term. It’s fully paid for.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Nurse Tiffany Dover died on same day she took vax."
"BLATANT-LIE" " COVID Vaccine Spike Proteins Shedding From Vaccinated To Unvaccinated Children"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Uttar Pradeshs unemployment rate was 17.5% in 2021"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“Even after accounting for rising prices, the typical American family has more money in their pockets than they did last year.”"
"FALSE" " Replacing cornfields with solar panels exacerbates climate change."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Over 800 pounds of fentanyl were seized at our Southern Border in October. This is Biden’s Border Crisis.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Kyle Rittenhouse filed a defamation lawsuit against LeBron James."
"FALSE" " Antarctic Ice Is At A New Record Maximum in 2021."
"FALSE" "Md. Fayez Ahmad attacked Hindu girl in West Bengal in ‘love jihad’ case."
"FALSE" "“German News Agency Tracks 75 Prominent Athletes Suddenly Dead Of Heart Attacks After COVID Vax”"
"FALSE" "“The CDC Finally Admits a Massive Number of Americans Have ‘Natural Immunity’: 146.6 Million People”; 94% of Covid-related deaths were not caused by Covid-19"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“Only a court can decide that somebody is incompetent to vote” — the state Election Commission “cannot force facilities, private facilities, to allow special voting deputies”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "An image shared on Facebook purportedly shows a new Ben & Jerry’s ice cream flavor in honor of Joseph Rosenbaum, a man who was shot and killed by Kyle Rittenhouse during an August 2020 protest in Kenosha, Wisconsin."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Pfizer Vaccine Will Kill 117 Kids To Save 1 Child From Dying Of COVID In 5 To 11 Age Group"
"FALSE" "The Morrison government plans to force all age pensioners onto cashless welfare cards."
"FALSE" "The Vatican owns a telescope called Lucifer."
"FALSE" "Vaccination Is Required For Section 8 Recipients."
"BLATANT-LIE" "the video shows a protest in Austria after the country’s government instituted a lockdown for unvaccinated individuals"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Kyle Rittenhouse is EMT trained."
"BLATANT-LIE" " The COVID-19 vaccine doesn’t stop virus spread, so it can’t protect others."
"FALSE" "Bongbong Marcos got 21 million votes for vice president during the 2016 elections."
"FALSE" "“Vitamin D levels of 50 ng/mL correlates to zero mortality rate from COVID.”"
"FALSE" "European Medicines Agency Data Shows 1,163,356 Adverse Drug Reactions by COVID-19 Vaccinations"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Borax bath detox” will “get rid of” the effects of the vaccine."
"BLATANT-LIE" " Antibiotics ‘cancel out’ birth control."
"BLATANT-LIE" " Rittenhouse Prosecutor Thomas Binger wearing BLM pin."
"FALSE" "Overseas Filipinos wear pink to support VP Leni Robredo."
"FALSE" "Critical Race Theory Law Makes It Illegal To Teach Black History In Tennessee"
"FALSE" " “The Biden administration plan would kill 5,248 children via Pfizer mRNA shots in order to save 45 children from dying of coronavirus.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "A diesel generator is powering an electric vehicle charger"
"BLATANT-LIE" "A photo shows Ghislaine Maxwell, who is charged with assisting accused sex trafficker Jeffrey Epstein, with Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts."
"BLATANT-LIE" " A paper in “Circulation” proves the COVID-19 vaccine is murder."
"FALSE" "“While the global economy contracted by an average of 3.6% last year, we still managed to grow our economy by 0.3% over the same period”."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“You’ve had over 2 million women drop out of the workforce during this pandemic.”"
"FALSE" "Placing essential oils in your navel can help with a variety of health problems."
"BLATANT-LIE" " Biden Failed To Acknowledge Waukesha Christmas Parade Killings"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "An increase in Medicare Part B premiums means “America’s seniors are paying the price for Biden’s inflation crisis.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Video Shows Priest Dying Suddenly After Receiving COVID-19 Vaccination"
"FALSE" "claims to show Australian police beating a person in a wheelchair during a protest against COVID-19 restrictions."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“This one here has subsidies for people making as much as $800,000 to be able to buy a Tesla.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " COVID-19 vaccine spike proteins accumulate in the nucleus of cells, “destroy DNA repair pathways, paving the way for CANCER” and “destroy the immune system”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "There is ‘new’ January 6 footage proving police beat Rosanne Boyland to death."
"BLATANT-LIE" "An economics professor at a local college recently failed an entire class."
"FALSE" "“The gas station where they initially attacked” Kyle Rittenhouse “is owned by his grandparents.”"
"FALSE" "Unvaccinated people pose no greater COVID-19 risk than those who are vaccinated."
"FALSE" "Kyle Rittenhouse was an “armed person” crossing state lines when he came to Kenosha protests in 2020."
"BLATANT-LIE" " A chef must know all ingredients of a cupcake, but a doctor doesn’t need to know the ingredients of the vaccines."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "The Build Back Better bill provides “’parole’ amnesty for millions of criminal illegal aliens.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " “more children will die from the vaccine than will die from COVID in the first place and there’s proof”"
"FALSE" "Dominion Voting Systems lost its lawsuits against Rudy Giuliani and Sidney Powell on Nov. 19"
"FALSE" "Head Of German Hospital Who Committed Suicide said ‘COVID-19 Vaccine Is A Genocide’"
"FALSE" " A Texas Health and Human Services policy denies white people monoclonal antibody treatment."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Kyle Rittenhouse filed a $60 million defamation suit against Joy Behar and Whoopi Goldberg."
"FALSE" "Jen Psaki said Taco Bell value menu is affordable alternative to Thanksgiving dinner."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Joe Biden is not president because seal is blurred."
"BLATANT-LIE" " Humanity Is Being Held Hostage By The New World Order Using The COVID Vaccines."
"FALSE" "India is the first country to reach 1 billion vaccine doses"
"FALSE" " FBI’s counterterrorism division adds threat tags to parents who protest school boards."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Celine Dion has been paralyzed by the COVID vaccine and cancels her tour.”"
"FALSE" "Aboriginal Population In Australia’s Northern Territory Is Being Forcibly Vaccinated Against COVID-19."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Nancy Pelosi just went into contract to buy a Florida oceanfront mansion for $25 million."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Greenland’s ice sheet isn’t shrinking any more rapidly today than it was 80 years ago.”"
"FALSE" "A photo of a gigantic crowd implies it is from recent COVID-19 lockdown protests in Vienna."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“Within two years, there were two 500-year (storm) events” in Wisconsin."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Dr Anthony Fauci has said that Covid-19 vaccines don’t protect against Covid or death."
"BLATANT-LIE" " the video shows First Lady Jill Biden being interrupted at a book reading by a child shouting, “Shut the f**k up.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“COVID death rates 4 to 1, vaccinated to unvaxxed”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Kyle Rittenhouse Filed A $400 Million Lawsuit Against "
"FALSE" "“It was a delegation of spies, not international observers. They moved freely throughout the country, spying on social, economic and political life.”"
"FALSE" "Low gas prices in Russia, Kuwait and Saudi Arabia show that Joe Biden’s decision to cancel the Keystone Pipeline project is to blame for U.S. prices."
"BLATANT-LIE" " Official government reports suggest the fully vaccinated will develop AIDS by the end of the year."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Kyle [Rittenhouse] put out a dumpster fire that was being rolled down to a gas station to blow up.”"
"FALSE" " “Pathogens evolve to become less, not more, virulent over time”"
"FALSE" "COVID-19 vaccination mandates are at odds with the 1986 Human Rights Commission Act"
"FALSE" "The House-passed Build Back Better bill is a “government takeover of child care.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " the image shows President Joe Biden and deceased convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein smiling for a picture together."
"FALSE" "“When you talk about the peer-reviewed studies of masks, there was one done in Denmark, showed that it didn’t work. When you look at all of Sweden — 1.8 million children have not been wearing masks for the last two years, they’ve had zero covid deaths.”"
"FALSE" "“The number of small businesses is up 30% compared to before the pandemic.”"
"TRUE" " Florida currently has the lowest COVID cases per capita."
"FALSE" "There have been 1113 cases of myocarditis in the Australian navy in 2021."
"FALSE" "An old tweet from Joe Biden shows he’s a “hypocrite” for criticizing former President Donald Trump for issuing the “same [pandemic-related] travel ban.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "shows a poster for a decades-old movie titled “The Omicron Variant.”"
"FALSE" "COVID-19 vaccines are gene therapy and a recent "
"BLATANT-LIE" " the image shows a "
"FALSE" "“If you look pre-COVID” under President Donald Trump, “we didn’t import a single barrel of oil from Saudi Arabia.”"
"FALSE" "Picture shows Anna Hazare as an RSS member with a young Narendra Modi."
"FALSE" "“The number of small businesses is up 30% compared to before the pandemic.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Human-generated CO2 is an insignificant contributor to climate change."
"BLATANT-LIE" " Bill Gates Charged with Murder for COVID-19 Vaccine Death in India’s High Court – Death Penalty Sought."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Dr. Andreas Noack has documented killer graphene particles in COVID-19 vaccine."
"FALSE" "Rittenhouse went to Mar-a-Lago for a ‘two-week, all-expenses-paid vacation’."
"FALSE" "Kenosha “Police were told to stand down as businesses were destroyed.”"
"TRUE" "Ghislaine Maxwell was at Chelsea Clinton’s Wedding."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Image shows Donald Trump’s new Christmas card."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Media Approval Ratings Fell Below Congress’ As Trump Ran For President"
"FALSE" " Because of omicron, “the Biden administration has decided to leave the U.S. southern border completely open.”"
"FALSE" "Photos of Boris Johnson receiving his Covid-19 booster vaccine do not show him being vaccinated."
"FALSE" "“Wisconsin 2020 election investigation finds more illegal votes were cast than Biden’s margin of victory.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Mike Lindell Gives Closed-Door Testimonies Against Trump."
"FALSE" " Only 4 states still had mask mandates as of Nov. 30."
"BLATANT-LIE" " Japan Endorsed Ivermectin As COVID-19 Treatment To Send Cases Plummeting."
"FALSE" "Miscarriage is among the ‘tragic side effects’ of mRNA vaccines"
"FALSE" "More than a thousand new coal plants are being built around the world while Australia plans to shut down its remaining facilities."
"FALSE" "A White House official said a fourth round of stimulus payments are being made to eligible American."
"FALSE" "“Until 1981, this powerful body, the Supreme Court, was all white men.”"
"FALSE" "“[A]t a time when we had 2 million illegal immigrants cross our border under Joe Biden’s tenure in office. That’s like adding the entire population of Nebraska to this country.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " “In 2022, illegal immigrants will have MORE FREEDOMS and easier access to healthcare and ballot boxes than most Americans… Just think about that.”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“There is absolutely no observed or clinical data that indicates any benefit whatsoever to masking K-12 students in schools.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Scientists Lied About Isolating The Virus That Causes COVID-19."
"BLATANT-LIE" " Dr. Anthony Fauci was charged with murder by a grand jury."
"FALSE" "COVID-19 boosters are ‘destroying your immune system’"
"FALSE" "Pakistan university sent letter to students warning them against valentines day celebrations."
"FALSE" "The ‘CDC 2019-Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) Real-Time RT-PCR Diagnostic Panel’ cannot differentiate between Covid-19 and flu."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Stallone wore an anti-Joe Biden and anti-Anthony Fauci shirt."
"BLATANT-LIE" " Washington state is considering a proposal to create internment camps for the unvaccinated."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Post claims Bill Gates call for withdrawal of COVID-19 vaccines."
"BLATANT-LIE" "By the end of January 2022, all vaccinated Germans will have AIDS and be 100% more vulnerable to Covid infections."
"FALSE" "Vaccinated People Are More Likely To Be Infected Than Those Without The Shot"
"BLATANT-LIE" "flu cases being instead counted as COVID-19 cases was the reason for low flu activity during the 2020-2021 flu season."
"TRUE" "Guidelines published by the IRS ahead of the 2022 tax year explained how taxpayers can claim items they have stolen, or earnings from illegal activities."
"BLATANT-LIE" "a book about the omicron variant was published by White House chief medical adviser Dr. Anthony Fauci’s sister named Dr. Angelique Fauci."
"FALSE" "British chef Jamie Oliver wins “legal battle” against McDonald’s over “pink slime”"
"FALSE" "The Brain Has 7 Minutes Of Activity After Death."
"BLATANT-LIE" "CDC withdraws use of PCR test, admits it can’t tell flu from COVID-19."
"TRUE" "The Alexa voice on an Amazon Echo device challenged a 10-year-old girl to touch a penny to the exposed prongs of a plug halfway inserted into an electrical socket."
"BLATANT-LIE" "the new CNN program hosted by journalist Chris Wallace debuted with the “lowest ratings in cable news history.”"
"FALSE" "flu cases being instead counted as COVID-19 cases was the reason for low flu activity during the 2020-2021 flu season."
"FALSE" "Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav has said recently that he feels the BJP might come to power in UP."
"FALSE" " “Trump cut Social Security benefits by over $3 billion.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“CDC admits that COVID tests are invalid.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "A video clip shows a failed attempt by China to launch airstrikes near Taiwan."
"BLATANT-LIE" " On Dec. 28, 2021, three days before her death, Betty White said “Eat healthy and get all your vaccines. I just got boosted today.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Six-month Pfizer data show COVID vaccine causes more illness than it prevents.”"
"FALSE" "Video shows kidnapper caught while trying to kidnap a toddler inside travel bag."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“By declining the vax, I am 100% safe from adverse reactions and 99.8% safe from COVID.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Can hydroxychloroquine be made at home by boiling grapefruit and lemon peels in water?"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Actions by Joe Biden left “10,000 – 15,000 American citizens abandoned to terrorists in Afghanistan.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Amazon launched a presale of a new Amazon Token cryptocurrency."
"FALSE" "Vaccines are why flights have been shut down worldwide."
"FALSE" "Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav has said recently that he feels the BJP might come to power in UP."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“It feels amazing” that unvaccinated people are “4.5 times LESS LIKELY to catch omicron” than people who are fully vaccinated and boosted."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Dr. Fauci is a lying prick. The CDC, FDA and US government are criminal anti-American devilgangs. It’s not a vaccine its a deadly xperimental shot."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Jan. 6 was NOT an insurrection…but Nov. 4 at 3 a.m. was!”"
"FALSE" "“JUST IN – Robert Koch Institute report released today states that 95.58% of the #Omicron cases in Germany are fully vaccinated (28% of those had a “booster”), 4.42% are unvaccinated.”"
"FALSE" "The Commission on Elections second division has dismissed the disqualification petition against presidential aspirant Bongbong Marcos"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Fox News reported that Trump “vowed to pardon Ghislaine Maxwell if he wins in 2024.”"
"FALSE" "Tylenol “ruins your ability to kill” COVID-19."
"TRUE" " The "
"FALSE" "President Joe Biden “never had a” COVID-19 “plan.”"
"FALSE" "Kris Aquino stole the jewelry of Imelda Marcos"
"FALSE" "“We have over 100,000 children, which we’ve never had before, in serious condition, and many on ventilators” due to the coronavirus."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“mass formation psychosis” is a phenomenon that occurred in 1920s and 30s Germany when a highly educated population “went barking mad, and that is what’s happened here,” he said, referring to the COVID-19 pandemic"
"FALSE" "“No one has been hospitalized for” the omicron variant of COVID-19.”"
"FALSE" " only 56 people die per day from COVID-19."
"FALSE" " “Data from around the world suggests that omicron favors the fully vaccinated.”"
"FALSE" "The Premier of Western Australia faked getting the third dose of the COVID-19 vaccine."
"FALSE" "Says Georgia Secretary of State Brad Raffensperger “to investigate himself over voter fraud.”"
"FALSE" "“In Wisconsin, we have 50% of the population paying 50%, 60%, 70%, sometimes 80% for their housing.”"
"FALSE" "“COVID-19 shots are not vaccines” because they don’t “prevent one from becoming infected”"
"FALSE" "Sadly, we passed two milestones on VAERS. Over 1 million adverse events and over 21,000 deaths. 30% of those deaths occurred on day 0, 1, or 2 following vaccination."
"FALSE" "Video shows muslim men making girls unconscious and taking advantage."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“Expanding Medicaid, which if we had done at the beginning of the Abbott administration, would have brought in $100 billion to this state’s economy.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Booster COVID-19 vaccine doses can “shut down the immune response”; heart damage following vaccination is “quite frequent”; “many of these [SARS-CoV-2] mutations are being driven by the evolutionary selection caused by the vaccines”"
"FALSE" "Recently released Jan. 6 footage shows “these cops using massive amounts of force against unarmed Trump supporters, including women.”"
"FALSE" "COVID-19 tests that are labeled “positive control swab” and “negative control swab” manipulated to deliver predetermined results."
"FALSE" "President Joe Biden “has the lowest approval rating of any president ever.”"
"FALSE" "Face masks increase the risks of respiratory diseases."
"TRUE" "Gov. Kim Reynolds, touting $210 million for Iowa broadband, “failed to mention these are actually federal funds approved by Rep. Cindy Axne and signed into law by President Joe Biden.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " COVID-19 Vaccines Are Full Of Exclusive Nanotechnology to enslave the human species."
"FALSE" "A law backed by Virginia Democrats barred local sheriffs from having military equipment that “would have come in very helpful” with the I-95 traffic jam."
"FALSE" " CDC Director Did Confess To At Least 4 Comorbidities In Over 75% Of COVID Deaths."
"FALSE" "“Clarence Thomas’s wife was one of the organizers of Jan 6th”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Claim by Scott Morrison"
"TRUE" "“You are 17 times more likely to go to the hospital if you’re not vaccinated, 20 times more likely to die.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Wisconsin had an active voter turnout of 93.7%."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Democrats “are trying to ban voter ID.”"
"FALSE" "Biden claimed that former President Donald Trump voted by mail in the 2020 election."
"FALSE" "Asked of Dr. Anthony Fauci, “Would you be willing to submit to Congress and the public a financial disclosure [form] that includes your past and current investments?”"
"TRUE" "Niger has the highest fertility rate in Nigeria’s north-central zone."
"FALSE" "As a youth, “I got arrested” protesting for civil rights."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Video Shows New York Times Editor Who Died Of A Heart Attack Bragging After Getting Third COVID Shot."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" " The filibuster is “the tradition of the Senate here in 232 years now. … We need to be very cautious what we do. … That’s what we’ve always had for 232 years. That’s what makes us different than any place else in the world.”"
"FALSE" "Says Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez “says that all young people want to be socialists.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "A video purportedly shows President Joe Biden being berated by a Mack Truck worker."
"FALSE" "The latest data from the UKHSA appears to show Covid-19 vaccines do not prevent hospitalisation or death from the disease."
"FALSE" "“The Wisconsin voter roll has over 120,000 active voters who have been registered to vote for over 100 years.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "CDC Will Begin To Provide Data On How Many US Deaths Are ‘from’ COVID And How Many Are ‘with’ COVID."
"TRUE" "An image shows a flyer of an After School Satan Club."
"BLATANT-LIE" " U.S. Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch said the flu kills “hundreds of thousands of people every year.”"
"FALSE" "A law authored by opposition vice presidential candidate Francis “Kiko” Pangilinan allows minors to go scot-free even after committing crimes such as robbery with murder, rape with murder, and rape."
"FALSE" "If you have “natural immunity,” getting vaccinated against COVID-19 “is more likely to harm you severely.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Site Selling Discounted Stamps Is Official United States Postal Service."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Ocasio-Cortez tweeted she got COVID-19 because of climate change, racism."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“We’ve brought in more than $81 billion in economic investment, more than four times any previous administration.”"
"FALSE" "Photos show electric cars discarded in a garbage dump after batteries failed."
"BLATANT-LIE" "An email shows that employers are requiring employees to wear masks during Zoom meetings."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Danish researchers […] found protection against Omicron turned negative three months after the second dose”"
"FALSE" "“Half a million sharks could be killed to make the COVID-19 vaccine.”"
"FALSE" "Ronald McDonald House Is Evicting All Unvaccinated Children."
"FALSE" "Barack Obama addressing people of Kenya prior to the 2022 General Elections."
"FALSE" "“Anderson Cooper floating the idea of withholding SS from the unvaxxed. Hope you enjoy what you voted for commies.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Pfizer CEO Bourla talking about the microchip that will be in medications.  Sounds normal right?? Just a conspiracy theory?"
"TRUE" "COVID Testing has declined under Joe Biden."
"BLATANT-LIE" "COVID-19 vaccine caused football player Donald Parham Jr.’s heart to explode."
"FALSE" "Dark colors on at home test strip shows COVID is in the water"
"FALSE" "Shah Jahan Chopped Off Hands Of Workers Who Built Taj Mahal"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Why not promote protocols such as Regeneron monoclonal antibody infusion therapy? Why not promote Budesonide nebulizer treatments? Why not promote healthy over the counter therapies such as zinc — which I take — D3, vitamin C, Hydroxychloroquine, and yes, Ivermectin?”"
"FALSE" "A wind turbine “could never generate as much energy as was invested in building it.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Rupert Murdoch Says “I started Fox News to get rich,” or “We created a fake story that ‘Biden stole the elections’ to keep our low IQ viewers returning every day”?"
"BLATANT-LIE" " “Oh, and again in Detroit, which is known as the single most corrupt election venue in the country for many years, but nobody went to look at that. There were many more votes than there were voters.”"
"FALSE" " The Australian Electoral Commission (AEC) plans to use Dominion Voting Systems machines to count votes at the next federal election."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "The audit of the 2020 presidential election in Maricopa County, Ariz., “cost the taxpayers $6 million.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Biden Orders Dishonorable Discharge For 46% Of U.S. Troops Who Refused COVID-19 Vaccination"
"FALSE" "Sens. Joe Manchin and Kyrsten Sinema “are Republicans … Just look at the way they vote.”"
"TRUE" "Pilot resigned after flying planes without a license for 20 years"
"FALSE" "”Pfizer launches final study for COVID drug that’s suspiciously similar to ‘horse paste’” ivermectin."
"FALSE" "“The vaccination campaign” increased COVID-19 deaths by 175% in one year."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“The Red Cross says anyone who has received a COVID-19 vaccine cannot donate convalescent plasma”; “the vaccine wipes out these antibodies [against SARS-CoV-2]”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Let me tell you about Glenn’s experience here. He took 300 jobs out of Virginia when he was the CEO. He closed the Arlington office, moved them to another state.”"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“Rain fell at the normally snowy summit of Greenland for the first time on record”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Arizona “could decertify” the 2020 presidential election"
"BLATANT-LIE" " the Cyber Ninjas audit report said the 2020 presidential election should not be certified"
"FALSE" "The White House “created a fake set for (President Joe) Biden to get his booster shot. The entire Biden presidency is one giant charade.”"
"FALSE" " Flu cases dropped by 379 million in one year."
"TRUE" "‘Rwanda presently has the global highest number of women in parliament at 61.1%.’"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“This ‘infrastructure bill’ on page 2,385 presents a federal property tax of 3 percent on all homes and land – both residential and commercial.”"
"FALSE" "“FDA experts reveal the Covid-19 Vaccines are killing at least 2 people for every 1 life they save.”"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“Approximately 60,000 Canadians currently live undocumented in the USA.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Infrastructure Bill “$6500 tax on dairy Cows, $2600 per head on beef cows and $500 per head on swine."
"FALSE" "Shah Rukh Khan said that he would leave the country if Narendra Modi became the prime minister."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“There are precious few religions that actually say you cannot” get vaccinated."
"BLATANT-LIE" "More than 48,000 people die within 14 days of receiving COVID-19 vaccines, according to data revealed in the “Medicare Tracking System."
"TRUE" "“Overdose deaths in WV are up 45% from the prior year.”"
"FALSE" " “The California study finds that vaccinated individuals are more susceptible to COVID variant infections than unvaccinated.”"
"FALSE" "The Biden administration is “orchestrating more shortages” by stopping cargo ships from unloading at U.S. ports."
"FALSE" "“You are more likely, as a child, to end up in the hospital because of the vaccine than you are because of COVID. That’s data from the CDC and from VAERS.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " California Mandating Vaccine With Mortality Rate 174X Higher Than COVID"
"FALSE" "“There is no FDA approval for the Pfizer BioNTech vaccine for COVID-19.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "C-Span Videos Prove Fauci And HHS Officials Plotted ‘Avian Flu Virus’ Release To Enforce Universal Flu Vaccine"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Verizon promotes defunding the police and (the) idea that America is fundamentally racist.”"
"FALSE" "“In case you forgot. Two years ago today, we were experiencing the greatest economy in the history of the world.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "former President Donald Trump returned to Instagram following the recent Facebook outage"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“Thirty years ago, the United States ranked sixth among advanced economies in the share of women in the workforce. You know where we are today? Twenty-three.”"
"FALSE" "“23,000 mail-in ballots came from people who NO LONGER lived at that address.” "
"FALSE" "“Now Democrats want to spy on anything you buy that costs $600 or more.”"
"FALSE" "52% of police officers have been found guilty of sexual misconduct while wearing uniform."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Says Budd’s family used AgriBioTech money to help “give donations to these Washington special interest groups that are running negative ads against me in the Senate race.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“If you get the Pfizer vax, you’re more likely to get COVID”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Facebook planted Frances Haugen as its own pretend whistleblower."
"FALSE" " Journalist who broke Panama Papers story killed with car bomb"
"FALSE" "“No elected official is doing more to enable the transmission of COVID in America than Joe Biden with his open borders policies.”"
"FALSE" "Gravestones in Japanese cemeteries have QR which can be scanned to get a bio of the deceased person."
"FALSE" "Says President Joe Biden cut “$30 billion to Black colleges and universities.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "1 in 1,000 children vaccinated against COVID-19 dies"
"FALSE" "A person’s immune system “tanks” after their second COVID-19 vaccine dose."
"FALSE" "An image shows a syndicated article published by the Independent that alleges U.S. elementary schools are switching to the metric system in 2023,"
"FALSE" "COVID vaccines do not prevent infection."
"FALSE" "PM Modi Elected As Chief President Of Forum Organised In Britain"
"FALSE" "“Joe Biden’s attorney general wants the FBI to go after parents for speaking out at school board meetings to protect kids from radical curriculum like critical race theory.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "The military raided Facebook and took its servers"
"FALSE" "“The most populated state in India just declared they are officially COVID-19 free after promoting widespread use of the safe proven medicine”"
"FALSE" "Fox News Requires Vaccinations For All Employees."
"TRUE" "The U.S. government pays $2,100 per dose for Regeneron’s monoclonal antibody treatment REGEN-COV."
"FALSE" "Former New South Wales Premier Gladys Berejiklian has resigned after accepting $65m in bribes from AstraZeneca and Pfizer."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Haitian migrants took an implausible route to Texas-Mexico border area."
"FALSE" " “the US corn crop, at its peak, produces 40% more oxygen than the Amazon rainforest.”"
"FALSE" "White House staff, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and Food and Drug Administration (FDA) employees, Moderna and Pfizer employees, congressional staff and illegal immigrants are exempt from President Joe Biden’s COVID-19 vaccine mandate"
"BLATANT-LIE" " MRNA “COVID Vaccine” Hidden in SALAD GREENS!"
"BLATANT-LIE" " NY hospitals reported thousands of fungal lung infections from mask-wearing"
"FALSE" "A Nigerian Senator earns $2,183,685 annually and it takes 1638 years for an average worker to earn such an amount"
"FALSE" "The FDA advisory board said unvaccinated people are more educated than most people who have gotten the COVID-19 vaccines."
"BLATANT-LIE" " Covid-19 vaccines kill more people than they save."
"FALSE" "Telegram announced that Apple plans to remove its app from users’ iPhones"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Claims Eric Trump has said he will bring forward classified information on Telegram that will lead to Joe Biden being deposed."
"BLATANT-LIE" " An air quality test under a mask proves it is not healthy to wear one."
"FALSE" "The New York Times calls PM Modi as the ‘Last, Best Hope Of Earth’."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" " “Democrats are responsible for the massive spending and debt growth, they alone need to take responsibility for raising the debt limit.”"
"FALSE" "COVID-19 vaccines weaken the immune system; “Idaho doctor reports a ‘20 times increase’ of cancer in vaccinated patients.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "THE VAX IS HUMAN SACRIFICE — DR. ZEV ZELENKO"
"BLATANT-LIE" "study finds myocarditis occurs in 1 in every 1000 people injected with a covid 19 vaccine."
"FALSE" "Photo of Afghanistan trafficking airplanes to Pakistan."
"FALSE" " Rep. Lauren Boebert Tweeted Where Nancy Pelosi Was Located On January 6."
"BLATANT-LIE" "the COVID-19 vaccines contain “sharp metal pieces.”"
"FALSE" "“The yearly cost of religious tax exemptions: $71 billion. If the church paid taxes, everyone would only have to pay 3% taxes.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Biden family owns 10% of prominent Chinese lithium battery company."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Says Biden “didn’t win in Arizona. He lost in Arizona based on the forensic audit.”"
"FALSE" "Mass protest forces the Romanian government to close all vaccination centers."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“Raising the debt limit is paying our old debts. It has nothing to do with new spending.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Biden BUSTED As Pfizer ADMITS There’s No Vaccine Approved By FDA In The U.S. In Recorded Call"
"FALSE" "An image of empty grocery store shelves shows the effect of President Joe Biden’s “Build Back Better” plan."
"BLATANT-LIE" " “23,344 mail-in ballots came from people who no longer lived at that address. … … 284,412 ballot images were, quote, corrupt; they quoted ‘corrupt or missing.’ Oh, but I only lost by a little more than 10,000 votes.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Image of Barack Obama’s birth certificate shows he was born in Kenya"
"FALSE" "Irish Deputy Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said that introducing a rent freeze could create a “nightmare scenario.”"
"FALSE" "“According to one study, America ranks … 33rd out of the 44 advanced economies when it comes to the percentage of our young people who have attained a post-high-school degree.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Epidemic Of Plane Crashes Linked To COVID-19 Jab."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Wildfires were worse in the early part of the 1900s than they are today."
"BLATANT-LIE" " Test results show Covid-19 shots damage the immune system."
"TRUE" "“The annual Pentagon budget hovers over $750 billion annually, twice that of the much debated Build Back Better Act that costs about $350 billion annually as currently proposed.”"
"FALSE" "The Philippines was the second richest country next to Japan during late dictator Ferdinand Marcos’ administration."
"FALSE" "“Pfizer’s new oral antiviral is just a protease inhibitor just like Ivermectin. They’re literally repackaging ivermectin to sell to the masses with a new name.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " A study found airport body scanners can unzip and interfere with DNA replication."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "Says “the vast majority of the (refugees) coming into Fort McCoy are not the SIVs” and some have “no documentation at all.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " “In Pennsylvania, thousands of voters reported receiving at least two ballots in the mail, and many others reported receiving mail-in ballots without requesting them. They just happened to flow in. They flowed in on Election Day.”"
"TRUE" " California has the lowest COVID case rate of any state in the United States."
"FALSE" "A law has been passed granting the distribution of a P10,000 monthly allowance for senior citizens and persons with disabilities (PWDs)"
"FALSE" "“Joe Biden’s illegal vaccine mandate at work! Suddenly, we’re short on pilots & air traffic controllers.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Ivermectin played a role in the steep decline of COVID-19 cases in Indonesia"
"FALSE" "“Biden’s liberal plan would force many family farms and ranches to be sold off to pay his higher capital gains taxes.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " the bipartisan infrastructure bill contains a $1.3 billion “bailout” for the media"
"FALSE" " New York hospitals are refusing to release newborn babies to parents who aren’t vaccinated"
"FALSE" "Former Bangladesh PM Khaleda Zia said, if Hindus & Buddhists want to live safely, they should either convert to Islam or go to India.”"
"FALSE" "President Joe Biden “has successfully guided this economy out of the teeth of a terrifying recession.”"
"FALSE" "Sales growth in Pfizer blood clot and cardiomyopathy drugs tied to vaccines"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Dr. Anthony Fauci and U.S. health officials plotted “for a new avian flu virus to enforce universal flu vaccination.”"
"TRUE" " Hawaii has given COVID vaccines to 90 percent of its population aged 12 and over."
"FALSE" "Claim by Nigel Farage (GB News"
"FALSE" "The Biden administration plans to “Send the Taliban Millions in US Dollars.”"
"TRUE" "COVID-19 was the number one cause of death for police officers in 2020."
"BLATANT-LIE" "A nurse who fainted after receiving the COVID-19 vaccine died from the vaccination."
"FALSE" "“When this government took over, do you know what the poverty rate was? It was 36%. Today it is 52%”"
"FALSE" "“People were getting the [COVID-19] vaccine in record numbers” until President Joe Biden implemented vaccine mandates."
"BLATANT-LIE" " Fact Checkers Never Fact Check Anything That Attacks Conservatives."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“The Walker-Kleefisch administration slashed $800 million from public schools.”"
"TRUE" " Trump’s TRUTH Social terms and conditions state users agree not to “disparage” the site."
"BLATANT-LIE" "COVID-19 vaccines contain “RNA-modifying transhumanism nanotechnology.”"
"FALSE" "The Liberal Party gave a water concession to the Ayalas, saying that the opposition party has been funded by oligarchs."
"FALSE" "We have seen the “greatest assault on voting rights in the history of the United States, for real, since the Civil War.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " COVID-19 vaccines contain graphene and living organisms made of aluminum"
"BLATANT-LIE" " 50,000 Secret USA Troops Deputized by Donald Trump."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“You have 55 corporations, for example, in the United States of America making over $40 billion, don’t pay a cent. Not a single little red cent.”"
"FALSE" "A video shared on Twitter purportedly shows an Italian police officer upset over the use of water cannons on Italians protesting the Green Pass, a COVID-19 health pass that is now mandatory for all workers in Italy."
"BLATANT-LIE" " the image shows Eric Trump holding a shovel backward at an event attended by other members of his family."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Covid SURGES Among Most Vaxxed Communities Says Harvard Study.”"
"FALSE" "The Freedom to Vote Act “automatically registers ineligible voters.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Biden ordered dishonorable discharges for 46% of troops refusing vaccine."
"FALSE" "Prime Minister Narendra Modi says he is a son of Pathan"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "Says Rebecca Kleefisch played a key role in the Foxconn deal, “the largest attempted government handout to a foreign company in American history.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Celine Dion SEVERELY INJURED BY VAXXXINE."
"FALSE" "Says he is the ‘ranking member’ of the House select committee investigating the Jan. 6 attack on the U.S. Capitol."
"FALSE" "Wisconsin Had 89% Reported Turnout in 2020 Election"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Convalescent plasma “is made up of antibodies from people who have recovered from the virus, but the vaccine wipes out those antibodies.”"
"FALSE" "Sweden is abolishing cash."
"FALSE" "“Barack Obama signals That Democrats Intend to Cheat in the Virginia Governor’s Election.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Private landowners lose control of their land when it is part of a National Heritage Area designation."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“COP26 luxury EVs to be recharged using diesel generators.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " COVID-19 vaccines contain a parasite called Polypodium hydriforme."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Halyna Hutchins’ next project was a documentary on Hollywood pedophile rings."
"FALSE" "Video shows indigenous Australians protesting against forced vaccinations."
"TRUE" "Joe Biden has visited Delaware 25 times since becoming president."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“The seasonal cold and flu is actually more dangerous for kids than the Coronavirus” and “there is very low transmissibility from children to their families and communities.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " U.S. Student Loans Cost the Government More Than $60B To Service Than Those Loans Bring In During The Year"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Such a shame to see Terry McAuliffe indicate he will end Virginia’s routine election audits. … Virginia law requires voting machine audits. Not a surprise McAuliffe opposes audits.”"
"FALSE" "“We are talking about aggressive statements in the media with threats of a missile strike on Russia and the start of full-scale hostilities.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Says a CNN headline said, “In And Out is the fast food of white supremacists.”"
"FALSE" " Japan Dropped Its Vaccine Rollout And Ended COVID Almost Overnight With Ivermectin"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Virginia gubernatorial campaign signs reading, “Keep Parents Out of Classrooms,” were posted by Democratic candidate Terry McAuliffe."
"FALSE" " mRNA COVID-19 vaccines alter DNA of mother and baby, cause birth defects"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "The Democratic reconciliation bill is “fully paid for.”"
"FALSE" "Ferdinand “Bongbong” Marcos Jr. “has never misrepresented his Oxford education.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "The US CDC shows children are 107 times more likely to die from COVID-19 shots than from the disease."
"FALSE" "Blood “starts to clot in a minute or two” after a Pfizer COVID-19 vaccine injection."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Black Boxes stored in Madison Georgia are disposable coffins owned by the CDC or FEMA"
"FALSE" " President Joe Biden withdrew troops from Afghanistan “simply because of Trump Derangement Syndrome and they wanted to reverse any policy that Trump had implemented.”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Study Shows The Great Barrier Reef Is Growing Quickly."
"FALSE" "Photos compare Manila Bay cleanup before and during Rodrigo Duterte’s presidency"
"BLATANT-LIE" "The migrant caravan from Tapachula, Mexico “is the population of Minneapolis.”"
"FALSE" "Pfizer’s Chantix was recalled for causing cancer."
"BLATANT-LIE" "The Anti-Defamation League classified “Let’s go Brandon” as hate speech."
"FALSE" " “Spanish High Court Confirms That Covid 19 Does Not Exist!”"
"FALSE" "With COVID-19, vaccinated people “are the real threat to” unvaccinated people."
"FALSE" "The Italian government did not provide a car to pick up Modi from the airport during G20 Summit."
"TRUE" "Says gubernatorial candidate Rebecca Kleefisch “worked with Scott Walker to sign five abortion restrictions into law that took away services and threatened doctors with prison time for providing safe and legal abortions.”"
"FALSE" "“[Anthony Fauci] Funded Experimenting With AIDS Orphans…25 Died”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " “Jan. 6 is being used as a pretext to strip millions of Americans — disfavored Americans — of their core constitutional rights.”"
"FALSE" " Image Of Dozens Of Jets Shows The Aircraft Used By Attendees Of COP26"
"BLATANT-LIE" "purportedly shows a tweet by former President Donald Trump praising Ethiopian Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed for exercising “brave leadership” in his country."
"FALSE" "“The use of such vehicles is banned by the Minsk Agreements. Also, flights of any type of drone, except OSCE Special Monitoring Mission drones, are prohibited by the measures on reinforcement of the ceasefire regime.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Federal agents directly incited people on Jan. 6, 2021, and “intentionally entrapped” American citizens."
"FALSE" " 19 Studies On COVID Vaccine Efficacy Do Raise Doubts On Vaccine Mandates"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Florida has the “lowest Covid rates in the country without having to institute communist mandates & lockdowns.”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Greenland’s ice sheet isn’t shrinking any more rapidly today than it was 80 years ago.”"
"FALSE" "Japan stopped its vaccine rollout and switched to ivermectin"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Very sad that the RINOs [Republicans in name only] in the House and Senate gave Biden and Democrats a victory on the ‘Non-Infrastructure’ Bill, where only 11% of the money being wasted goes to real infrastructure.”"
"TRUE" "“FUN FACT: West Virginia is home to zero billionaires.”"
"FALSE" "“There’s been zero long-term studies around sterility or fertility issues around the [COVID-19] vaccines.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Unmask your kids! Any carbon dioxide concentrations above” 2,000 parts per million are “dangerous!”"
"FALSE" "‘Digital Driver’s License’ in Utah Contain COVID-19 Vaccination Status, Credit Score"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Merriam-Webster recently changed its definition of the word “vaccine” and removed the immunity portion."
"FALSE" "Georgia Can’t Produce Over 17k 2020 Election Ballot Images Required By Law, More Than Margin Of Error In Biden ‘Win’"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Luciferase is in the COVID-19 vaccines to tag and track people."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Colorado Governor Jared Polis (D) signed an executive order this week that allows hospitals to turn away those who are unvaccinated against COVID-19.” "
"BLATANT-LIE" "United Kingdom “government reports suggest the fully vaccinated are rapidly developing Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome.”"
"FALSE" "Image shows Kenyan citizens attacking their parliament."
"FALSE" "“I used to drive a tractor trailer … I only did it for part of a summer.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "World Economic Forum scheduled the release of COVID-19 Omicron variant."
"FALSE" "“The strategic oil reserve is for when we get attacked and need the fuel to keep our Air Force in the air.”"
"FALSE" " Laws of thermodynamics say CO2 can’t contribute to climate change"
"FALSE" " The risk of transmitting Covid-19 from an unmasked person to an unmasked person is 90%. From an unmasked person to a masked person it is 30%. From a masked person to an unmasked person it is 5%. From a masked person to a masked person it is 1.5%."
"FALSE" "The Merriam-Webster dictionary updated its definition for the word “vaccine” to state that the drug includes the toxin graphene oxide"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Soft-tissue cancer diagnoses have “climbed through the roof” in 2021 as a result of COVID-19 vaccines."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Nancy Pelosi rejected Donald Trump’s request for 10,000 National Guard troops to be deployed before Jan. 6."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“Overdoses in Virginia (are) up 35%.”"
"NO-EVIDENCE" "45,000 people died from COVID-19 vaccines."
"BLATANT-LIE" "The COVID-19 vaccines cause AIDS."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "The percentage of the UK population who have received a booster vaccine is double that of the EU."
"BLATANT-LIE" "When children are given vaccines for COVID-19, “a viral gene will be injected into your children’s cells. This gene forces your child’s body to make toxic spike proteins. These proteins often cause permanent damage in children’s critical organs.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“flurona” a new cross-breed virus resulting from combination of the SARS-CoV-2 virus and seasonal influenza."
"FALSE" "Dr. Fauci gains profits from pharmaceutical companies."
"TRUE" "Former U.S. Vice President Mike Pence warned on Jan. 6, 2021, that pro-Trump rioters would be “prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.”"
"FALSE" "“Chief Justice John Roberts goes after the highest court in the land, citing their ‘inappropriate political influence.’”"
"FALSE" "Narendra Modi government’s Cabinet Committee on Security called for the removal of Sikhs from the Indian Army."
"FALSE" "Electric vehicles would not have fared well in the Virginia snowstorm traffic jam."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Claims former South Carolina Rep. Trey Gowdy alleged the 2020 election was rigged through “treasonous acts.”"
"FALSE" " Pfizer made $37 billion in profit in its last quarter."
"FALSE" "“1 million COVID-vaccine injuries now reported on CDC’s database.”"
"FALSE" "Photo of huge crowd at Kenyan deputy president’s rally"
"FALSE" "Biden said he wanted to resume building Trump’s wall."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Jen Psaki said, ‘If you don’t buy anything, you won’t experience inflation’"
"TRUE" " NASA provided $1.1 million in funding to a religious organization to study how humans may react to life beyond Earth."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Covid-19 cases in 2020 were actually the flu."
"FALSE" " Covid-19 patient in hospital video is a crisis actor."
"FALSE" "Images show roads in the Democratic Republic of the Congo before and after a project with Uganda."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“In West Virginia, a gallon of gas is nearly one dollar more than it was a year ago, and we’re paying about 30 cents more for a gallon of milk than we did at this time last year.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " “As a Wall Street executive, Glenn Youngkin took over this chain of dental clinics, increasing corporate profits through serious abuse and the performing of unnecessary procedures on children.”"
"TRUE" "“If you look at the hospitalizations at Ruby Memorial in West Virginia, and around the country, 90% to 95% of those hospitalized are unvaccinated.”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Refugees get more in monthly benefits than social security recipients."
"FALSE" "“New data shows that death is proportional to dose” for COVID-19."
"FALSE" "Namibian health minister Kalumbi Shangula claimed that by 30 September 2021 the country had met the global goal of vaccinating 10% of its population against COVID-19."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" " “Wisconsin Governor (Tony) Evers wanted to raise your taxes by $1 billion in a pandemic. Republicans stopped him and delivered the largest tax CUT in state history.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "New England Journal of Medicine Admits COVID Vax May Not Be Safe for Pregnant Women."
"FALSE" " The United States has one-third of the world’s billionaires and the fourth-highest poverty rate in the world. "
"BLATANT-LIE" " Putting Hydrogen Peroxide In A Nebulizer Helps Fight Pathogens."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" " “Cannabis consumers under age 45 are nearly twice as likely to have a heart attack.”"
"FALSE" "The New South Wales (NSW) government has stopped enforcing public health restrictions."
"FALSE" "“President Putin bans mandatory vaccinations in Russia.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " The Impossible Burger contains more estrogen than transgender hormone therapy."
"FALSE" " The US government is trying to create food shortages by telling farmers to destroy their crops."
"FALSE" " the cameras shut off when President Joe Biden was asked in a press conference about an alleged “hit list” provided to the Taliban."
"BLATANT-LIE" "There is a new virus variant called COVID-22."
"FALSE" " Ivermectin sterilizes the majority (85%) of men that take it"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Says the defense secretary texted all active military personnel saying they needed to get vaccinated by the following morning or “be court-martialed.”"
"TRUE" "There were 300 percent more cases recorded in the U.S. on September 10, 2021 than the same date a year ago."
"FALSE" "“Florida has had 119 hurricanes since 1850,” yet experts are saying “the last one was due to climate change.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " president of the United States will not pay to fly Sgt Ryan Knauss to Arlington national cemetery"
"FALSE" "A video claims to show people partying in public in Sydney’s Bondi while the city was subject to strict COVID-19 lockdown rules."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“California Has 1.8M More Registered Voters Than It Should.”"
"FALSE" "“The top 1% pays 90% of income taxes.”"
"FALSE" "Covid-19 vaccine can cause male impotence."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Taliban leave Christians to die in bags."
"FALSE" "Says he “is the only candidate in the Wisconsin Attorney General race with experience as a prosecutor.”"
"FALSE" "‘Lost votes’ and ‘ghost votes’ in Arizona indicate 2020 election was stolen"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Biden’s Treasury Department declares IRS will monitor” all accounts over $600."
"FALSE" " President Joe Biden ordered the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to withhold benefits from veterans who have not received COVID-19 vaccinations"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Video shows the Taliban stoning a man to death in Afghanistan."
"FALSE" "Centers for Disease Control and Prevention “officially recommends administering ivermectin as presumptive therapy (giving medication without a diagnosis) to refugees.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "CDC warns of polio-like disease outbreak coming 2021"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“No other country on the planet witnesses the number of gun deaths that we do here in the United States, and it’s not even close.”"
"FALSE" " “Black Africans possess more DNA series than any other group on earth”; The more DNA series you have, the greater your potential for genius”; “they copyrighted that study, to hide that truth”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" " “Studies of our drone strikes have suggested that maybe eight out of 10 times we are hitting the wrong target, we have killed thousands of civilians.”"
"FALSE" "President Rodrigo Duterte brought FA-50 fighter jets as part of the Armed Forces of the Philippines’ (AFP) modernization program."
"FALSE" "“My opponent wants to abolish” law enforcement."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Postal workers aren’t included in the Biden administration vaccine mandate"
"FALSE" "President Joe Biden’s 39 percent approval rating is lower than former President Donald Trump’s ever was"
"FALSE" " An ‘AIDS vaccine” exists and has been previously mandated."
"FALSE" "Claim by "
"FALSE" " AOC Spent Thousands On Her ‘Tax The Rich’ Dress and Her Ticket To The Met Gala 2021"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Says Tim Tebow wrote, “The government might be preparing us for a cashless society, but it was predicted by the Bible.”"
"FALSE" " 400,000 “Yes” votes disappear in the Calfornia recall election due to fraud."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“I’m the only front-line prosecutor in this race that’s actually used the resources of the Wisconsin Crime Lab in the prosecution of cases.”"
"FALSE" "Vice President Kamala Harris “admits” that COVID vaccines don’t work."
"FALSE" "The Philippine economy crashed in 1983 because the United States imposed economic sanctions on the country."
"FALSE" "Indian military force vaccinated its troops and many of them dropped dead."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Hundreds of thousands died after taking the advice of these celebrities,” who are “aiding and abetting mass murder” by advocating COVID-19 vaccination."
"FALSE" "“Peak active cases” of COVID-19 for 2020 vs. 2021 show “this is not a ‘pandemic of the unvaccinated.'”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“The folks that are around President Biden today in his White House talking about foreign policy are the same leaders — a fellow named Brett McGurk sent $150 billion, pallets of cash, to the Iranians, who are hosting the senior al-Qaeda leadership in Tehran today.”"
"FALSE" "Photo shows five intelligence agencies of the world – CIA, Mossad, MI6, RAW, KGB sit together for a high level meeting in Delhi."
"FALSE" "Border patrol is mounted on horseback rounding up Haitian refugees with whips."
"BLATANT-LIE" "‘1 in 9 Vaccinated Adolescents Suffered a Severe Adverse Reaction’ From the Pfizer Vaccine."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“The CDC and county health officials have obtained 2020 Census records to enhance their vaccination enforcement protocols.”"
"FALSE" " purportedly show members of the Black Panthers attacking a church in the U.S."
"FALSE" "“The Egyptian state confirms its commitment to respect the right of physical safety, personal freedom, political practice, freedom of expression, forming civil societies and the right of litigation. Egypt has always welcomed diversity of opinions.”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“In the last several months, the Biden administration has released over 7,000 illegal aliens who were COVID positive just in one Texas city.” Biden’s border policies are “endangering not just the people of Texas, but people all across the country.”"
"FALSE" "‘Whistleblower’ Abortion Website Is Run By The State Of Texas"
"TRUE" "Tattoo ink isn’t FDA approved"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "‘This Ends The Debate’ – Israeli Study Shows Natural Immunity 13x More Effective Than Vaccines At Stopping Delta"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Animals At Turtle Back Zoo in N.J. Escaped In Hurricane Ida"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Two children die during New South Wales vaccination for high school students"
"BLATANT-LIE" "The Supreme Court In The Us Has Ruled That The Covid Pathogen Is Not A Vaccine"
"FALSE" "“Today the FDA announced they approved a drug whose Phase III clinical trials are not expected to be completed for two more years”"
"FALSE" "Claims the state line between Louisiana and Texas was shut down, with travelers hoping to cross it being forced to turn around."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Food and Drug Administration approved the Tuskegee Syphilis Study"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Graphene Oxide in the COVID 19 vaccines is doing this inside peoples bodies"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Nigerians now have partial access to Twitter"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“The average hospital stay for a case of COVID-19 costs about $17,064. The vaccine is free.”"
"FALSE" "Sheriff’s deputy overdosed after accidental fentanyl exposure."
"FALSE" " 27 U.S. Air Force Pilots Resigned Over Covid-19 Vaccination Mandate."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Anthony Fauci’s wife can influence drug approvals."
"BLATANT-LIE" "FDA approval of a blood thinner for children related to the Pfizer vaccine."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Video shows Taliban are trying to fly American helicopters."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "The Virginia Employment Commission is sixth in the nation for getting benefits to eligible people quickly…”"
"FALSE" "“All” Americans in Afghanistan who “have wanted to come out have come out.”"
"FALSE" " One time in the 80’s-90’s, people died from AZT and not the actual AIDS virus; Anthony Fauci pushed this treatment"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Bill Gates calls for the withdrawal of all Covid-19 Vaccines; ‘The vaccines are far more dangerous than anyone imagined.’”"
"FALSE" "COVID-19 vaccines have caused more than 400 deaths in Australia."
"FALSE" " Says a demonstration with an air quality monitor shows that cloth masks are dangerous for children."
"BLATANT-LIE" " Pelosi And Biden Are Being Investigated By The FBI For Election Fraud"
"FALSE" "The Texas abortion law “provides at least six weeks for a person to be able to get an abortion.”"
"FALSE" "Pfizer is developing a pill that must be taken ‘alongside vaccines’"
"TRUE" " The first 23 Black members of Congress were Republicans."
"FALSE" "The media did not report on the P70-million plunder complaint filed against Manila Mayor Isko Moreno and other city officials of Manila."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Says Nancy Pelosi on Aug. 31 blocked members of Congress from reading aloud on the House floor the names of the 13 U.S. service members killed in Afghanistan."
"BLATANT-LIE" " Buccaneers owner paid for ad criticizing Biden’s handling of Afghanistan"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Report from Canvassing Work Completed in Arizona’s Maricopa County shows more than 200,000 votes lost and/or cast by nonexistent Arizonans."
"FALSE" "Newspaper article states Sri Lanka Army officer exposed vaccine corruption"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Why is the Taliban banning the [COVID-19] vaccines?”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "COVID-19 vaccines didn’t pass animal studies"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“FEMA forcibly vaccinating Ida evacuees.”"
"TRUE" "Joe Biden said “I don’t think it should be mandatory” back in December 2020 when asked about COVID vaccine mandates."
"FALSE" "Claim by "
"FALSE" "“I don’t believe the science suggests that young people should be vaccinated. I don’t believe that young people should have to wear masks at school. I’m not sure the science is settled on that at all.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Almost 45,000 people who got the COVID-19 vaccinations died in 72 hours"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“The Bidens own 10% of” a Chinese firm whose stock is up almost 300%” since Joe Biden was elected."
"FALSE" " US military walks out after Biden mandates vaccines."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "Before 2020, “crime had been falling, every year, year after year, in the city of Buffalo.”"
"FALSE" "Japan’s government recommends using antiparasitic drug ivermectin to treat COVID-19"
"TRUE" "The GOP-controlled Legislature has “refused to act on at least 150” appointees of Gov. Tony Evers."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Duplicate Ballots In Maricopa County, Arizona, Are Proof Of Voter Fraud."
"FALSE" "TV ads targeting Democratic Texas Reps. Filemon Vela, Vicente Gonzalez and Henry Cuellar say President Biden’s tax plans “could cost your family $6,800.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Verified and Approved” stamp is behind the triangles on the ballots."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Under Mayor Byron Brown, “we’ve been defunding community centers, our pools were closed this summer, we’ve been defunding senior and youth services.”"
"FALSE" "Says Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and wife Sophie faked their COVID-19 vaccinations on live television."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "People who are vaccinated for the coronavirus “cannot spread it to you.”"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" " A YouTube series featuring Kamala Harris talking to kids about science uses paid child actors."
"FALSE" "“My opponent’s plan for people who commit sexual assault, sexual predators, is no jail time.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " “In Pennsylvania, there were reportedly hundreds of thousands of more votes than there were voters. Oh, I see Philadelphia, more votes than voters. That’s a tough one to explain. Why didn’t they do something about that?”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "The FBI considers anti-CRT protests a ‘domestic terror threat’"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“The five most-endangered hospitals in the country are all in (North Carolina).”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Facebook fact-checkers are vaccine funded."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Tennessee’ new law passed 48 hours ago now makes it illegal to teach Black history in the grades K-12.”"
"FALSE" " “If you are vaccinated against COVID-19, you face no conceivable danger whatsoever from people who have not been vaccinated”; many unvaccinated people “have natural immunity and are less likely to get sick than a vaccinated person from COVID.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Democrats “manufactured votes from low-income voters to steal the battleground states.”"
"FALSE" "Aboriginal school children aged 12 and over were taken to a COVID-19 vaccination centre in Tweed Heads without parental consent."
"BLATANT-LIE" "A Delta Air Lines pilot died in flight shortly after getting the COVID-19 vaccine and “there’s a lot of risk right now” for air travel."
"FALSE" "23,000 Voters Registered With Same Wisconsin Number Proof Of Election Fraud."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Says Donald Trump said, “Alec Baldwin, a total loser, has taken his impression of me to a new low by testing out this theory” by shooting someone."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Electric vehicles “do not expend any pollution into the air.”"
"FALSE" "Modi chased down by crowd during his visit to the US"
"FALSE" "“Scientists say this map represents the US in 30 years if we don’t reverse climate change.”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" " Infection-induced immunity is “by far the more robust immunity that one can have against COVID-19”"
"FALSE" " “DEA agent Mark Ibrahim was forced from his job and later indicted simply because he was near the Capitol protest on Jan. 6.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " The White House referred to Christmas trees as holiday trees."
"FALSE" "Eighty percent of pregnant women in NZ who have been vaccinated for COVID-19 experience miscarriages."
"FALSE" "“Breaking news — US Supreme Court has canceled universal vaccination in the United States.”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "There are 500,000 “missing kids a year.”"
"FALSE" "Children don’t need to get a COVID-19 vaccine; the long-term safety of COVID-19 vaccines is in doubt"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“When he was the chief operating officer, he was running a company called Small Smiles, which actually was cited a huge fine from the inspector general because what they were doing was unnecessary medical procedures on children. 100 cases in Manassas. Babies were forced to have …"
"FALSE" "78 percent of COVID-19 hospital patients in Victoria are vaccinated, while only 5 percent are unvaccinated."
"TRUE" "End of eviction moratorium means “millions of Americans” could lose their housing in the middle of a pandemic."
"FALSE" "Germany suspended COVID-19 vaccinations"
"FALSE" "Telecom and social media platforms risk breaking the law, and could see their US business suffer, if they comply with records requests from the Jan. 6 investigation committee."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" " New York Gov. Kathy Hochul unmasked in a classroom with masked children."
"BLATANT-LIE" " claims the COVID-19 vaccine can cause HIV to develop due to fragments of HIV being used in the vaccine."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Taliban is playing with Blackhawk helicopters on the tarmac in Afghanistan"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "Every time outgoing New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo “says the firearm industry ‘is immune from lawsuits,’ it’s false.”"
"FALSE" "Science debunks the use of face masks to stop viruses like COVID-19"
"FALSE" "Suggests a suspicious link between the COVID-19 delta variant and company named Delta that works in 5G."
"TRUE" "A 1912 article warned coal burning can have a negative effect on climate"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“The CDC actually put together a document to discuss putting high risk people into camps to ‘shield’ low risk people from them. … [E]very single person who has made a reference to 1930’s Germany is vindicated.”"
"FALSE" "Photo shows Prime Minister Narendra Modi eating beef at a dinner party."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Photo shows CNN praising the Taliban for wearing masks and a peaceful takeover of Kabul, Afghanistan"
"FALSE" " The United States’ southern border is “basically open” and is “a super spreader event.”"
"FALSE" "COVID-19 vaccines are not safe and they increase the number of vaccine-resistant mutants."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Says of UW-Madison, “It cost the university $50k (your tax dollars) to remove” a rock considered by some a symbol of racism."
"FALSE" " Donald Trump suggested people inject poisons to treat COVID."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Image shows bodies of people who have died from Covid-19"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "The federal infrastructure bill includes “a pilot program for a national motor vehicle per-mile user fee, which is basically a long-term plan to make it too expensive to drive a car.”"
"FALSE" " Masks don’t work; prisoners were released instead of being given masks"
"FALSE" " CDC test adds influenza cases to COVID-19 tally"
"BLATANT-LIE" "There’s more evidence of UFOs being real than the COVID-19 vaccine being healthy for you"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Military Times shows vaccine recipients had an astronomical amount of heart disease."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Modi govt has rescued 800 people from Kabul by IAC C-17 aircraft"
"FALSE" "Taliban fighters “are tired of fighting” in Afghanistan."
"FALSE" "A Taliban takeover of Afghanistan is “not inevitable.”"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“We watched Terry McAuliffe (D), when he was governor, lower the (accreditation) standards in our schools…”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Donald Trump won Arizona by 270,000 votes."
"BLATANT-LIE" " It takes gallons of water to flush energy drinks out of the body"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Woman executed by Taliban in Afghanistan for not wearing burqa properly."
"FALSE" "“Fauci doesn’t trust new vaccine research as delta variant surges.”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“We trained and equipped an Afghan military force of some 300,000 strong — incredibly well equipped — a force larger in size than the militaries of many of our NATO allies. ”"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "The man next to Mike Pompeo in a November 2020 photo “is the guy the Trump administration helped get out of jail in 2018 and who is now the ‘president’ of Afghanistan.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Chicago Mayor won’t allow tributes to fallen officer due to COVID-19"
"FALSE" " Mesa County forensic images show Dominion DELETED databases and logs after the election."
"FALSE" "President Joe Biden claimed that the U.S. does not have troops in Syria."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Joe Biden intentionally “let it fall apart” in Afghanistan because he “wants a couple hundred thousand more Ilhan Omars to come into America to change the body politic permanently.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Fox News Reported that former President Donald Trump will return to office Aug. 22."
"BLATANT-LIE" "229 Christian missionaries have been sentenced to death tomorrow afternoon by the Afghan Islamists"
"FALSE" "The current Covid vaccines are obsolete as they do not cover the new variants."
"FALSE" "“What interest do we have in Afghanistan at this point with al Qaeda gone?”"
"FALSE" "Ivermectin is an effective COVID-19 treatment; COVID-19 PCR tests lead to false positives; COVID-19 vaccines aren’t working"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Says COVID-19 vaccinations are “a violation of the Nuremberg code.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Taliban takeover of Afghanistan is a ‘false flag’ staged for political gain"
"BLATANT-LIE" " President Joe Biden recently signed an executive order closing gyms and indoor dining due to the Delta variant"
"FALSE" "Image shows Afghan female pilot Safia Ferozi being stoned to death by the Taliban, after they came back to power in August, 2021."
"FALSE" "The Biden administration “gifted the Taliban with $80 billion-plus” in military-grade weapons but now “wants your 9mm pistols.”"
"FALSE" "“The amount of coral on the Great Barrier Reef is at record high levels”; those claiming the reef is threatened by climate change are alarmists"
"FALSE" "Malala Yousafzai has been “silent about the cries of women and children suffering at the hands of the Taliban.”"
"FALSE" "ICU NURSE you’re being lied to about COVID ivermectin"
"TRUE" "“We’ve got 115,000 miles of roads in this state and 90% is owned by the locals.”"
"FALSE" "Calgary Mayor Naheed Nenshi testified that COVID-19 is a hoax"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“A Milwaukee election employee even acknowledged dropping off just the margin of ballots needed for a Biden win at 3 a.m.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "US CDC said COVID-19 vaccines are failing and immunized people can be super-spreaders of the disease."
"FALSE" "Marine Corps Gen. David Berger “rebuked” the vaccine mandate for the military."
"FALSE" "New permitless carry law lets Texans buy a gun without a background check"
"TRUE" "Joe Biden gave wrong timeline on people falling from plane in Kabul."
"FALSE" "Duterte announced to remove and jail his health secretary"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Blatant Lie "
"FALSE" "COVID-19 vaccines will cause blood clotting, fertility problems, and immune escape"
"FALSE" "Meta-analysis of ivermectin proves it treats covid"
"FALSE" "More Than 75 Doctors Walked Out Of A South Florida Hospital Rather Than Treat Unvaccinated COVID-19 Patients"
"FALSE" "Claims President Joe Biden made an explicit statement against Americans evacuating from Afghanistan suggesting he will blame former President Donald Trump if they perish."
"FALSE" "Two children died in Australia after receiving COVID-19 vaccines in a mass vaccination program for students."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Well, the biggest group in most states are African Americans who have not been vaccinated.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "the image shows empty seats at former President Donald Trump’s Aug. 21 “Save America” rally."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Former President Donald Trump “was blocked from getting troops out of (Afghanistan) by Liz Cheney and others.”"
"FALSE" "“When we took office in January, the Trump administration had not processed a single special immigrant visa since March of 2020, in nearly a year.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "FDA Approval Illegal! Doctor Reveals Pfizer Insert Proves Criminal Regulation Violations!"
"FALSE" "Image shows Pakistan mosque being destroyed by the Taliban"
"FALSE" "“There wasn’t a SINGLE American casualty in Afghanistan in the last year and a half of the Trump admin.”"
"FALSE" "Republican gubernatorial nominee Glenn Youngkin called COVID-19 relief “unnecessary” in a May 12 interview"
"FALSE" "“80% of women who have been jabbed have lost their children in the first trimester.”"
"FALSE" "An image shows Ronald Reagan meeting with the Taliban at the White House, and he compared the group to the Founding Fathers"
"BLATANT-LIE" "The bomb threat near the U.S. Capitol on Aug. 19 was a false flag."
"FALSE" "Former Bangladesh PM Khaleda Zia said, if Hindus & Buddhists want to live safely, they should either convert to Islam or go to India.”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“It would cost $20 billion to end homelessness in the U.S.” and “halting global warming would cost $300 billion.”"
"FALSE" "At least two children died in Australia after receiving COVID-19 vaccines in a mass vaccination program for students."
"FALSE" "In Australia, “they’re already taking children out of homes that there’s possible risk of COVID in — they’re putting them in detainment camps.”"
"FALSE" "Hillary Clinton ‘slept as Benghazi burned’ and Joe Biden ‘vacationed as Afghanistan fell’"
"BLATANT-LIE" "California election officials “can literally see if you vote yes or no” in the recall election, “and they will throw it away if you vote yes.”"
"FALSE" "78 Nigerian soldiers face firing squad"
"FALSE" "Says a U.S. Air Force-insignia plane evacuating people from Afghanistan is fake."
"FALSE" "“There’s no science behind masks on kids”."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Under the Trump administration, the U.S. “didn’t need the Middle East” oil, and now “we’re going back to them asking them for help.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“A new report from ’60 Minutes’ includes an interview with a scientist from the Pentagon who says that there is now a COVID microchip.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Justin Trudeau’s brother arrested on charges of sexual conduct with a minor"
"FALSE" "“Taliban and the Haqqani network are separate entities.” "
"FALSE" "No one has called for the flags to be flown at Half Mast in honor of our Marines."
"BLATANT-LIE" "purportedly shows a tractor-trailer with an advertisement for Republican Texas Gov. Greg Abbott on the back being loaded with dead bodies."
"FALSE" "A COVID-19 booster means that the initial vaccination didn’t work"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“No one has died of cancer or heart disease since the COVID-19 thing started.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Video of Indian soldiers dropping dead after receiving the vaccine."
"FALSE" " Like Pfizer vaccine, “Thalidomide was also FDA approved.”"
"FALSE" "The Sun and not human emissions of carbon dioxide may be the main cause of warmer temperatures in recent decades. There is a systemic bias in UN IPCC’s data selection."
"BLATANT-LIE" "CNN published an article on a vaccinated COVID-19 victim who blamed unvaccinated people"
"FALSE" "Soviet Union Took All Of Its Equipment From Afghanistan"
"FALSE" " “Dr. Malone is the inventor of mRNA vaccines”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "A group of four Muslim men brutally murdered a Hindu man in Malpur, Rajasthan."
"TRUE" "The Trump administration worked to free 5,000 Taliban prisoners."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Kamala Harris and Jeffrey Epstein photographed together."
"FALSE" "The mRNA COVID-19 vaccines are “really gene therapy.”"
"FALSE" "the U.S. has only admitted 1,592 refugees from Afghanistan since 2001 and that nearly 250,000 Afghans have been killed in that same time frame."
"FALSE" "A video shows the “Taliban hanging someone from a helicopter.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Since the outbreak of COVID-19, China has taken an open, transparent and responsible attitude.”"
"FALSE" "U.S. veteran group rescued Afghan allies “behind Biden’s back.”"
"FALSE" " U.S. military dogs left behind in Afghanistan"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "The contagiousness of the coronavirus delta variant is “valued between 5 and 9½,” and if the value is closer to 10, “within six weeks, the whole country will test positive for delta, regardless of vaccination.”"
"FALSE" " COVID-19 vaccines lead to virus mutations and vaccinated people are responsible for variants"
"TRUE" "The vaccination rate in Lauren Boebert’s 3rd district is the lowest of any in Colorado."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Mothers in the Philippines will receive P10,000 Covid-19 cash aid"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“This isn’t going to be anything like my predecessor, whose unpaid tax cuts and other spending added nearly $8 trillion in his four years to the national debt.”"
"FALSE" " If you have natural immunity from COVID-19, you don’t need the vaccine"
"FALSE" "Claims Republican Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul’s medical license was revoked."
"TRUE" "“324,000 pregnant people experience domestic violence during their pregnancy.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Germanys largest newspaper apologized for covid hysteria."
"FALSE" "“Coca-Cola has lost $4 bil in market value as people are boycotting Coke for their ‘try to be less White’ statement.”"
"FALSE" "Ink Bleeding Through Ballots Impacted Vote Counting in Maricopa County, Arizona"
"FALSE" "“11,000 voters were added to the voter rolls AFTER the election and still voted.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Stimulus check of up to $2,500 approved for July 30"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“You must give EVERY PENNY” of the advance child tax credit payments back when you file your 2021 taxes."
"FALSE" "Dr. Tarun Kothari, anti-masking and anti-vaxxer is dean of nair hospital, mumbai"
"FALSE" "“Child support card” in Delaware “controls what mothers can and cannot buy with child support money.”"
"FALSE" "“60% of people being admitted to hospital with COVID-19 in England have had two doses of a coronavirus vaccine”"
"FALSE" "“This week the military was moving big equipment into the major big cities preparing for the Maricopa audit results.”"
"FALSE" " COVID-19 vaccines caused 895 serious reactions among military veterans"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "The government is “monitoring SMS texts for dangerous misinformation about COVID vaccines.”"
"FALSE" "The Australian Constitution’s ban on “civil conscription” means that mandated or coerced vaccinations are illegal."
"FALSE" "A photograph shows members of the U.S. women’s soccer team kneeling during the national anthem at the Tokyo Olympics."
"BLATANT-LIE" " A video shows NFL quarterback Tom Brady playing catch with a throwing machine."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Don’t believe the hype that Florida” COVID-19 “numbers are up. It’s a blatant lie.”"
"TRUE" " The CDC has found more cases of heart inflammation than expected in vaccinated young men."
"BLATANT-LIE" "There are “22 million illegal aliens living in America and … voting illegally.”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Says Joe Biden “is restricting travel for Americans into Mexico, but is keeping the border wide open for illegal aliens to walk right into our country.”"
"FALSE" " Detroit Black Girls Chess Team Got snubbed by Mainstream Media."
"FALSE" "“FDA confirms PCR tests not accurate for testing COVID.”"
"FALSE" "U.S. Is The Only Country Without Universal Healthcare"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "People charged in the Jan. 6 assault on the U.S. Capitol are “political prisoners” and “non-violent trespassers” who have been held in solitary confinement for the past six months."
"FALSE" "Emmanuel Macrons’ security detail resigned to protest a new bill imposing health passes to participate in public life."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Thanks to the insane tax-and-spending spree of President Joe Biden and Democrats in Washington, we are seeing six straight months of raging inflation.”"
"TRUE" " Then-U.S. President Donald Trump’s former chief political strategist Steve Bannon said “All hell is going to break loose” the day before the Jan. 6, 2021 attack on the U.S. Capitol."
"FALSE" "“It is a fact that in December of 2020, Nancy Pelosi was made aware of potential security threats to the Capitol, and she failed to act.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene said the Bible was written in English"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“CDC quietly deletes 6,000 COVID vaccine deaths from its CDC website total in one day.”"
"FALSE" "Danish farmers must set aside land for flowers for bees"
"FALSE" "The delta variant of SARS-CoV-2 is “really is not responsive at all, or protected at all by the vaccines.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Facebook Takes Down Posts That Include The Pledge of Allegiance To The United States of America"
"FALSE" "All the COVID-19 patients admitted to a Palm Beach County hospital had been vaccinated."
"BLATANT-LIE" "the image shows former President Donald Trump tweeting he will “personally support” Kenyan Deputy President William Ruto in Kenya’s 2022 general election"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Marjorie Taylor Greene Says Jesus loves the U.S. the most and that is why the Bible is written in English"
"FALSE" "Former South Korean prime minister praised North Korean leader Kim Jong-un"
"FALSE" "Mail-in voting requires no signature verification."
"FALSE" "Pennsylvania sent out 1,823,143 mail-votes, but got back 2,589,242 votes."
"FALSE" "COVID-19 vaccines will cause the virus to be more dangerous, will make the SARS-CoV-2 more dangerous due to a mechanism called antibody-dependent enhancement (ADE)"
"BLATANT-LIE" "General Motors admits 95% of energy for electric vehicles comes from coal"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Photo shows President Joe Biden’s motorcade being met by swarm of Trump supporters during Biden’s July 28, 2021, trip to Pennsylvania."
"FALSE" "Viral video claims Nigerian Senate is calling for division of the country."
"FALSE" "“You can’t actually use ARPA (American Rescue Plan Act) funds” to pay down state unemployment insurance fund deficits."
"FALSE" "The Arizona election audit has found 275,000 potentially fraudulent votes in one county"
"FALSE" "The non-vaccinated don’t get tested, so the increase in COVID-19 cases is made up or due to the vaccinated"
"BLATANT-LIE" "claims PayDay candy bars is changing its name because the current name is “offensive to those who don’t work.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "A table shows “the PLANNED COVID-19 VARIANTS” and “when they will be ‘released’ to the media.”"
"FALSE" "A photo shared on social media shows a huge crowd in Paris protesting France’s COVID-19 countermeasures on July 24, 2021."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Photos show Lloyd Austin without a face shield after he landed in the Philippines."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" " Swedish multimillionaire Johan Eliasch purchased around 400,000 acres of Amazonian rainforest in Brazil from a logging company for $14 million, solely to conserve the forest."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Under Terry McAuliffe (there was a) record investment in education.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Vaccinated people are the super spreaders of COVID-19."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“The CDC has the power to extend the eviction moratorium.”"
"FALSE" "Black man punched in Tokyo during the Olympics"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Thanks to (Israel’s) sacrifice, we now know that natural immunity is far superior with 1% experiencing re-infection while 40% of new cases were previously vx’d.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Trump Gets Subpoenas For Arizona Routers, Paving The Way To Reinstatement"
"FALSE" "“They didn’t allow” Simone Biles “to take her ADHD medication.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " On Aug. 3, 2021, Jeffrey Toobin appeared on CNN to comment on the sexual assault allegations against New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo."
"FALSE" "A study on the effects of Covid vaccines during pregnancy shows 82% of respondents miscarried, contrary to what its authors claimed."
"FALSE" "“Wearing masks has not been demonstrated to make a significant impact in preventing the spread of COVID.”"
"TRUE" " Donald Trump wants his supporters to carry Trump cards."
"FALSE" "Two federal government buses “stopped in front of a Mexican restaurant in the very small town of Green Cove Springs Florida… The passengers were illegal immigrants, straight from the southern border.”"
"FALSE" " California is sending out mail-in ballots for the upcoming recall election of Democratic Gov. Gavin Newsom due to the Delta variant."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“So, we’ve taken a lot of time to ensure that we were paying for this package,” referring to the bipartisan Senate infrastructure bill."
"FALSE" "The Australian army and NSW Health officials are forcing their way into people’s homes to vaccinate them."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Says spending by Democrats is driving major jumps in car rentals, gas prices and hotel prices this summer"
"FALSE" "“Democrats have a history of vaccine misinformation and not trusting science.”"
"FALSE" "“If your employer is mandating any pokes, do not quit. Make them fire you. That way you get unemployment benefits.”"
"FALSE" "Eating plenty of colourful foods could reduce the risk of Alzheimer’s disease according to research."
"FALSE" "Says there are fewer than 2,000 confirmed COVID-19 hospitalizations in the U.S."
"FALSE" " A photograph shows U.S. Sen. Rand Paul receiving a COVID-19 vaccination."
"FALSE" "CDC Publishes ‘Green Zone’ Concentration Camp Protocol, Preparing Masses Imprisonment"
"FALSE" "Natural immunity is far superior to COVID-19 vaccines"
"FALSE" "claims the Delta variant is being spread through individuals who are vaccinated against COVID-19, while unvaccinated people aren’t spreading the virus"
"FALSE" "Unemployment among black South Africans increased from 1.6 million in 1994 to 20.9 million in 2020, jumping by 15 million from 2019 because of the Covid pandemic."
"FALSE" "Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis was photographed holding a shirt reading, “Your mask is as useless as Joe Biden.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "The CDC found its PCR test is unable to differentiate between different types of coronaviruses, including telling whether someone has COVID or influenza and has withdrawn its application for Emergency Use Authorization."
"BLATANT-LIE" " Says the surge in COVID-19 cases is caused by “antibody mediated viral enhancement” from the COVID-19 vaccines."
"BLATANT-LIE" "CDC Director Rochelle Walensky said COVID-19 vaccines are “failing” and vaccinated individuals can be “super-spreaders.”"
"FALSE" "“Most of the masks you get over the counter don’t work. They don’t prevent infection.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Photo shows Manila mayor Francisco Domagoso filming movie during pandemic."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Forecasters on Wall Street project that over the next 10 years our economy will expand by trillions of dollars, and it [the infrastructure bill] will create an additional 2 million jobs a year beyond what was already projected.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " CDC said more youths are being hospitalized from vaccines than the COVID-19"
"FALSE" "The White House plans to call for lockdowns due to the delta variant and is “aiming for late 2nd week of August, per WH official.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "More than 8 million excess votes for Biden counted during the 2020 election"
"FALSE" "PM Modi announces lockdown in the backdrop of an anticipated third wave of COVID-19"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" " Women are “disproportionately impacted by voter ID laws — especially married women who change their names, or those whose IDs do not accurately reflect their gender.”"
"FALSE" " Ivermectin Products Are Just For Animals."
"FALSE" " “the only person ‘hurting’ if I don’t get the vaccine is me. So mind your own business”"
"TRUE" " Joe Biden’s approval rating dropped 10 percentage points among independents."
"BLATANT-LIE" " the image shows US troops eating at a Pakistani homeless shelter"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Democrats “want to tax your retirement funds to pay for their new trillion dollar power grab.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " “Maricopa County Election Database Wiped One Day Before Audit.”"
"FALSE" "When Robert E. Lee “inherited slaves from his father in law, he educated them and set them free, and he referred to slavery as ‘a political and moral evil.’”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " the video shows a doctor removing a COVID-19 vaccine from someone’s body using cupping therapy"
"BLATANT-LIE" "A 13-year-old girl “is now in critical care in the hospital here in Halifax because her heart stopped right after she had a vaccine.”"
"FALSE" "Ivermectin is being used to treat vaccinated COVID-19 patients in Australian hospitals."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“Welcome 2 Pres Biden’s America where inflation is costing households an extra $175 a month.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " The Amish community are completely disease-free, including from COVID-19."
"FALSE" "“When I first got elected, there were only 2 million people who had COVID shots in the United States of America—had the vaccine. Now we got 190 million, because I went out and bought everything I could do.”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Every peer-reviewed study says immunity gained after recovering from COVID-19 is superior to vaccination."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“The Canadian government threatens to fire any government employee who uses ‘Let’s Go Brandon’ in communications.”"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "On climate change, “the scientists and experts are telling us we are fast approaching a point of no return.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Member of The FDA Vax Panel Today Said… “We Are Killing More People Than We Are Saving With The Shots”"
"FALSE" "“Now the vaccines are no longer working”; “the vaccine never stopped transmission” “earlier-vaccinated people experience a complete waning of the injection-induced antibodies” “the one option that works” (antibody therapies) is blocked by government."
"BLATANT-LIE" " FDA officials resigned to avoid prosecution for crimes against humanity"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "Denmark has abolished all COVID measures"
"FALSE" "Sen. Manny Pacquiao, Manila City Mayor Isko Moreno and Vice President Leni Robredo have been disqualified from running in the 2022 elections."
"FALSE" "Childhood vaccination causes Sudden Infant Death Syndrome (SIDS)"
"FALSE" "claims to show a tweet from the World Economic Forum (WEF) about how age of consent laws “may be infringing on human rights.”"
"FALSE" "“Vaccine crew in Indian village attacked by locals”"
"FALSE" "COVID-19 Deaths Are A Major Cause Of Staff Shortages"
"FALSE" "Pakistani health minister says she won’t get vaccinated."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Gov. Ron DeSantis “signed a $1 billion tax increase on the people of our state, on our consumers, yet gave a $500 million tax break to our corporations.”"
"FALSE" "2018 Video Shows Wuhan Lab Partner Scheming on How to Make Money from a Pandemic."
"FALSE" " Says a 2010 Rockefeller Foundation report shows the COVID-19 pandemic and the international response were “meticulously planned at least 10 years ago.”"
"FALSE" "“The MHRA now has more than enough evidence on the Yellow Card system to declare the COVID-19 vaccines unsafe for use in humans.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“I inherited the largest budget deficit in the history of the state from the Republicans.”"
"FALSE" "A COVID-19 clinic in Toronto lured children to accept a vaccination without parental consent by offering ice cream."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“Over the last few years, more Virginians are moving away from Virginia than are moving to Virginia from the other 49 states.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Covid-19 vaccines contain electronic devices that can turn on light bulbs."
"BLATANT-LIE" "The nasal swab used to test for COVID-19 “IS DESIGNED TO STERILIZE AND CAUSE CANCER.”"
"FALSE" "Trump to blame for vaccine hesitancy. According to a CDC report there are zero states that Trump won last fall that have at least 67% of adults with at least one vaccine dose."
"BLATANT-LIE" "CDC ACKNOWLEDGES HEART RISKS TO YOUNG PEOPLE, MUST DISCONTINUE COVID-19 VACCINATION IN PEOPLE ≤ 30"
"FALSE" "New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern supports 50 per cent Maori rule – and that non-Maori (Pakeha) votes will be devalued."
"TRUE" "“Before the pandemic, just over 40,000 were on continuing UI claims. Now, there are well over 100,000 on state (Wisconsin) or federal UI benefits.”"
"FALSE" "Airlines in Spain and Russia are warning people who have been vaccinated against coronavirus not to travel because of the risk of blood clots."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“All males who have been vaccinated” against COVID-19 “are effectively sterile.”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Says Joe Biden “imports oil from Iran.”"
"FALSE" "President Rodrigo Duterte ordered the imprisonment of Manila Auxiliary Bishop Broderick Pabillo over sexual harassment charges"
"TRUE" " “We have a record 9.3 million job openings in the U.S.”"
"FALSE" "“FBI operatives were organizing the attack on the Capitol on Jan. 6.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Says the Novavax COVID-19 vaccine “dumps millions” of dangerous “spike proteins right into your body.”"
"FALSE" " Claims Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Democrats would “join the enemy” in the event of an invasion of America."
"FALSE" "It’s not a corona pandemic but it’s a planned, staged PCR test pandemic"
"FALSE" "Three British Airways pilots have died of the Covid-19 vaccine in the last seven days."
"TRUE" "“It’s been over 50 years since minimum (wage) and inflation parted ways, then over a decade since the federal minimum went up at all.”"
"FALSE" "Oil and Gas executives are planning to have to replace all vaccinated staff within three years."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Joe Biden will never veto a bill. He’ll go down in history as a president who has never vetoed a bill, cause he will sign whatever Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi put on his desk. … They’re running the show.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Videos show a satanic ritual taking place near G7 in England"
"FALSE" "The NIH funded research to “weaponize” bat coronaviruses to attack humans."
"FALSE" "“It’s just fake news. At the very least, I don’t know anything about this kind of thing. Those who are speaking about it probably know more about it. It’s just nonsense, garbage.”"
"FALSE" "A 9-0 Supreme Court ruling is very rare."
"FALSE" "the image shows an official U.S. government document announcing President Joe Biden signed an executive order making Kenyan citizens in certain professions eligible for E-visas."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Georgia didn’t update its voter rolls prior to the 2020 presidential election; “this means we (you!) won the presidential election in Georgia.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Leaked Airline Documents Reveal HORRIFIC Details About ‘Vaccinated’ Pilots"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Airlines are “discussing banning vaccinated passengers due to a risk of blood clotting at high altitudes.”"
"FALSE" "86.16 lakh COVID19 vaccine doses administered on Jun 21! Highest ever single day coverage across world!”"
"FALSE" "Says Dr. Anthony Fauci in an email “advises a family member to use (hydroxychloroquine) and antibiotic therapy, the same evening in which in a press conference he attacked (President Donald Trump) on the usefulness of (hydroxychloroquine) to fight the virus.”"
"FALSE" "“the ovaries get the highest concentration of [lipid nanoparticles from RNA vaccines]. This turns the ovaries into a very large manufacturing plant to turn out toxic spike protein”"
"FALSE" "Sen. Raphael Warnock “voted for welfare for politicians plan. Up to $25 million of government money for Warnock’s own political campaign.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "the image shows a Texas wind turbine that partially melted because of the heat"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Megan Rapinoe stomped on the American flag and is now Subway’s spokesperson"
"FALSE" "Manila traffic has improved as a result President Duterte’s “Build, Build, Build” initiative."
"FALSE" "Says Ivanka Trump was targeted in the Florida condominium building collapse."
"FALSE" " Stacey Abrams Owns 16% Of A Firm That Counted Votes In Fulton County, Georgia"
"FALSE" "“The Second Amendment, from the day it was passed, limited the type of people who could own a gun and what type of weapon you could own.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Laurel Hubbard suffered a “testicle injury” that prevents her from competing in the upcoming Tokyo Olympics"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Says the U.S. government caused the coronavirus pandemic because it sent mRNA coronavirus vaccine candidates to university researchers weeks before the COVID-19 outbreak."
"TRUE" "BLM apparel and other political expression are banned at the Olympics"
"FALSE" " mRNA technology in COVID-19 vaccines was never tested in humans."
"FALSE" " Starting in 2023, Hawaii will no longer recognize out-of-state driver’s licenses"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Pfizer’s COVID-19 vaccine shows up on Bluetooth devices"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Police budgets are at their highest they’ve ever been, there hasn’t actually been any defunding the police.”"
"FALSE" "Recep Tayyip Erdogan bowed to Joe Biden at NATO meet."
"FALSE" "A flag expressing support for police officers violates the U.S. Flag Code"
"TRUE" "Wild parsnips can cause skin blisters, dangerous to humans"
"FALSE" "Joe Biden called for a $2 trillion study into inflation rates."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Prairie State power plant is the cleanest coal-fired power plant in the nation.”"
"FALSE" "“The unvaccinated have escaped every single strain or ‘variant’” of SARS-CoV-2."
"FALSE" "There are nearly 40 million Twitter users in Nigeria"
"FALSE" "Funeral directors say “no one is dying from COVID” and “the only ones dying are from the vaccine.”"
"FALSE" "List shows brave border agents who have died during the “90+ days Kamala Harris refused to visit border communities"
"FALSE" "“Death toll” of COVID-19 vaccines is more than 20 times higher than that of past vaccines"
"FALSE" "“The WHO says children should not receive COVID-19 vaccines”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Says Joe Biden “will force Americans to pay for abortion — on demand — up to birth.”"
"FALSE" "“Buy yourselves charcoal activated tablets […] it will counteract most date rape drugs”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Facts have now come out to show conclusively” that the 2020 presidential election wasn’t legitimate."
"FALSE" "Secret documents show Moderna developed a COVID-19 vaccine before the pandemic"
"FALSE" "y Daily Telegraph: "
"FALSE" " Red Cross says people vaccinated against COVID-19 cannot donate plasma"
"FALSE" "“CDC officials admit more hospitalizations of young people from vaccine than from the actual COVID virus.”"
"FALSE" " “Americans pay a percentage of their taxes to the Queen of England via the IRS”"
"FALSE" "“Military ready to act on audit results!” in Arizona"
"FALSE" "Natural immunity to COVID-19 is far superior to vaccine immunity."
"FALSE" "“Just 28% of people in South Africa aged 20 or older have completed high school.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "A video shows an animal chip scanner detecting a microchip where a woman was vaccinated."
"BLATANT-LIE" "the image shows actor George Clooney wearing a “Convict Trump” t-shirt."
"FALSE" "The spike protein in COVID-19 vaccines is a “toxin” that accumulates “in a number of tissues” and could lead to cardiovascular and neurological damage."
"FALSE" "John McAfee stored 31 TB of data in the condo which collapsed in Miami, Florida."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Muslim BTS fan accidentally plays the song ‘Dynamite’ instead of Azaan on loudspeakers at 4am; gets arrested.”"
"FALSE" "The U.S. declared retired International Criminal Court chief prosecutor Fatou Bensouda “persona non grata” for “inventing” human rights violations."
"FALSE" "“DEMS OPPOSE GOP MOVE TO REMOVE DEAD PEOPLE FROM VOTER ROLLS.”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Dr. Anthony Fauci said there will be ‘two Americas’ based on COVID-19 vaccination"
"FALSE" "“Another study has confirmed hydroxychloroquine to be effective in the treatment of COVID-19.”"
"FALSE" "Marine painted house in patriotic colors after neighbors said he could not fly American flag year-round."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Says the Make-A-Wish Foundation will grant wishes only to fully vaccinated children."
"FALSE" "10 new rules by the Indian Railways which are going to be effective from 01 July 2021"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“It’s paid for,” referring to the bipartisan Senate infrastructure bill."
"FALSE" "There is an active serial killer targeting women in Atlanta"
"FALSE" "Joe Biden and Democrats “have done absolutely nothing to help families struggling to keep up with inflation.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Officer Michael Fanone Was U.S. Capitol Rioter Carrying A Confederate Flag"
"BLATANT-LIE" "It’s safer to be unvaccinated than vaccinated against COVID-19."
"FALSE" "Vaccinated people are 885% more likely to die of Covid-19 than unvaccinated people"
"FALSE" " Says Joe Biden has driven the current coronavirus surge because he “imported more virus from around the world by having a wide open southern border.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " the Pentagon surrendered Norfolk Naval Base to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO)."
"FALSE" "Says Gov. Tony Evers has declared Wisconsin “permanently closed” for business."
"FALSE" "purportedly shows a screen grab of a New York Daily News article about a woman beheading her landlord with a samurai sword while shouting, “Long live Chairman Mao!”"
"TRUE" " After news reports said former U.S. President Barack Obama was planning to host “hundreds” of people for his 60th birthday party in early August 2021, he reduced the guest list to just family and close friends."
"FALSE" "Pakistani javelin thrower called Olympic gold medallist Neeraj Chopra his idol and congratulated him on Twitter."
"TRUE" " A quorum-breaking Texas Democrat said in 2007 that mail-in ballot fraud “is the greatest source of voter fraud in this state.”"
"TRUE" " In August 2021, Apple announced plans to begin scanning iPhones in the United States for child sexual abuse material."
"FALSE" "“Since there is no ‘Delta Variant’ test, how exactly are people being diagnosed with the ‘Delta Variant’?”"
"FALSE" " US health authorities have stopped using RT-PCR tests to detect COVID-19 as they are inaccurate."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "In children, “the mortality risk from COVID-19 is actually lower than from the flu. The risk of severe disease or hospitalization is about the same”."
"FALSE" "Duterte ordered to change the name of an airport in the Philippines"
"TRUE" " In Afghanistan, “over 100 billion dollars spent on military contracts.”"
"FALSE" "Farmers Are Being Told They Must Destroy Their Crops"
"TRUE" "Poison control calls jumped 550% in Texas from use of horse and cow dewormer"
"FALSE" "When the Pfizer-BioNTech Comirnaty vaccine becomes available “it will no longer have the liability shield.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "The Australian government seized and forcibly vaccinated 24,000 students."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Queen Elizabeth and her husband Prince Philip were found guilty in the disappearance of 10 native children from the Catholic-run Kamloops residential school”"
"FALSE" "Vaccinated people won’t get Covid-19."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Arizona and Georgia now have the proof,” Joe Biden is “not our elected president!”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "In Maricopa County, Arizona, “all the access logs to the machines were wiped, and the election server was hacked during the [2020] election.”"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“Ten thousand people have recently died. 9,950 of them, thereabouts, are people who hadn’t been vaccinated.”"
"FALSE" "A “vaxxed” or vaccinated Thai vlogger died"
"FALSE" "Cook County’s criminal courts “have been shut down for 15 months.”"
"FALSE" " Plants can analyze human DNA and transform into personally customized superfoods"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Says Republican leaders “are working hard to cover up election corruption in Wisconsin.”"
"FALSE" "smartDOT re-tunes EMF radiation from all devices as featured in "
"FALSE" "claims adding human saliva to the “seed of an edible plant” will allow it to become a “superfood.”"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "Claim by Chinese state-run news agency Xinhua – "
"FALSE" "The “Back the Blue” Act that Gov. Kim Reynolds signs means you can’t wear the American flag. “So throw out those towels and swimsuits … or you’re a criminal!”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Members of the US Women’s National Soccer team turned their backs on the flag as a 98-year-old World War II veteran played the anthem."
"TRUE" "“99.2% of U.S. COVID deaths in June were unvaccinated people"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "The delta variant of the coronavirus “is approximately 19 times less deadly.”"
"FALSE" "Uganda president airlifted to Germany after collapsing"
"FALSE" "Says Nancy Pelosi “won’t let Capitol police testify about what happened Jan. 6.”"
"FALSE" "George W. Bush Admits Explosives Used In 9/11"
"BLATANT-LIE" "The Pfizer COVID-19 vaccine is “99% graphene oxide,” which is “toxic to the human body and causes a number of problems."
"BLATANT-LIE" " Rep Matt Gaetz Tweeted That January 6th Insurrectionists Should Be Pardoned"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" " An image of rising homicide rates in seven cities with the words, “Welcome to President Biden’s America.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Trump calls Kenya ‘corrupt’ and Nigeria ‘the devil’ on Twitter"
"FALSE" "“Facebook said that if you support the NRA you will get kicked off.”"
"FALSE" " Allison Mack was sentenced to 3 years for “kidnapping children and forcing them to be sex slaves”"
"FALSE" " “My wife who — I think, I’m not sure of this — may be the only first lady or second lady to go into a war zone — an active war zone.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " U.S. Customs and Border Protection is calling residents and asking for personal bank information."
"FALSE" "President Biden ordered U.S. troops to move into Haiti after the assassination of Haitian President Jovenel Moise."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Photos show Syrian refugees making their way to New Zealand."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“We know most of our forefathers, all of our main Founding Fathers were against slavery, recognized the evils of it.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "The delta variant is fake"
"BLATANT-LIE" " On or around July 6, 2021, U.S. Rep. Lauren Boebert tweeted “I would rather see every child in this country dead than pass any new gun laws.”"
"FALSE" "The fatality rate of the Delta variant of COVID-19 is lower than the original variant"
"BLATANT-LIE" "South African Police Service advertises jobs on Facebook"
"FALSE" "A video suggests US fact checking organisation PolitiFact endorsed a Fox News recording of Americans discussing health conditions that developed after receiving a Covid-19 vaccine."
"BLATANT-LIE" " Hobby Lobby announced that it would only allow Christian customers in its stores."
"FALSE" "“Crime is escalating to a level we haven’t seen in decades as a direct result of Democrats’ defund the police movement and Biden-Harris open-border policies.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "the image shows a CNN article about President Joe Biden sending troops to Haiti after the assassination of Haitian President Jovenel Moise"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Video shows Infiltrators Entering West Bengal"
"FALSE" " 1st woman to medal in 6 Olympics ignored because she’s pro-2nd Amendement"
"BLATANT-LIE" " A Canadian mayor said Muslims must integrate after they “demanded removal of pork in all school canteens in Montreal.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Pelosi cries for Trump’s ‘forgiveness’"
"TRUE" " In an interview on June 29, 2021, Caitlyn Jenner proposed moving homeless people living on Venice Beach to “big open fields.”"
"FALSE" "If COVID-19 was real, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge wouldn’t have been “allowed to join 50,000 other football fans inside a stadium.”"
"FALSE" "Philippine National Police Chief Police General Guillermo Eleazar dismissed candidates supporting the rebels from the New People’s Army."
"FALSE" "Sudden Infant Death Syndrome “is absolutely a side effect of vaccination.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“In a now deleted Telegram post, former President Trump congratulated the Navy Seals on a ‘perfect beautiful whack’” in Haiti."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Florida condo collapse from explosives is Another 9/11"
"TRUE" " Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter and his wife Rosalynn Carter are the longest-married couple among all the presidents in U.S. history."
"FALSE" "“In Texas, the power companies have automatically raised the temperature of people’s thermostats in the middle of a heatwave without their permission.”"
"FALSE" "Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni was “airlifted to Germany” after contracting COVID-19"
"FALSE" "The number of children in seven countries “missing so far this year” range from 20,000 to 460,000."
"FALSE" " Colorado Rep. Lauren Boebert’s restaurant received a $233,000 PPP loan."
"BLATANT-LIE" "A Lisbon court found only 152 deaths have been caused by Covid in Portugal."
"FALSE" "Jeff Bezos is set to be a trillionaire, will have enough wealth to save the planet more than three times over"
"FALSE" "“Average gas price: June 2020: $2.21 June 2021: $3.07 President Biden’s economy!”"
"FALSE" "he image shows cars abandoned by Germans in protest of increased fuel prices"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“No Democrat has never been against voter ID.”"
"FALSE" " 5 world leaders were killed or died because they “opposed vaccination of the citizens of their countries.”"
"FALSE" " “It now appears there actually was meaningful voter fraud in Fulton County, Georgia last November.”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" " New and proposed state laws on voting mean “if you are going to be standing in that line for all those hours, you can’t have any water or any food.”"
"FALSE" "“Nuremberg codes stipulate that consent must be voluntary […] Threatening someone’s livelihood unless they take an experimental vaccine is NOT voluntary consent.”"
"FALSE" "Prime Minister Narendra Modi credited for the construction of Bandra-Worli Sea Link in Mumbai"
"BLATANT-LIE" " “IF YOU ARE EATING FARM RAISED MEAT THE ANIMALS ARE BEING VAXXED SO U R VAXXED.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "An image shows President Joe Biden touching Olivia Rodrigo’s shoulders during a White House press briefing."
"FALSE" "Taxing churches in the U.S. would result in taxpayers only paying around 3% of what they pay now"
"FALSE" "Over 74,000 More Mail-In Ballots Were Received And Counted In Maricopa County, Arizona, Than Were Mailed Out"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Image shows Hunter Biden painting ‘Trump won Democrats cheated’"
"FALSE" "South African police ask civilians to ‘shoot to kill’ looters"
"FALSE" "In the 2020 presidential election, “4,255 ballots in Fulton County, Georgia, were scanned multiple times” and “3,390 went to Biden.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "A Florida court was told that Rep. Ilhan Omar was recruited by Qatar"
"FALSE" "“Texas has the highest COVID positivity rate and case count in the nation.”"
"FALSE" "“The fact of the matter is it looks like natural immunity is as strong if not stronger than vaccinated immunity. … There is a risk to the vaccine. Again, it’s very small, but there are some pretty serious side effects, including death. We are already over 5,200 deaths reported…"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Biden concedes 6 million votes.”"
"FALSE" "The Australian military is going door to door ‘looking for anti-vaxxers’"
"FALSE" "“Every Republican in Congress voted to defund the police when they voted against the American Rescue Plan.”"
"FALSE" " The passage of Prop 47 means that thefts involving property valued at less than $950 will no longer be prosecuted in California."
"FALSE" "Questions about whether she’s been vaccinated are “a violation of my HIPAA rights.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "President Joe Biden announced that Americans not vaccinated against COVID-19 before 2022 will be put in “quarantine camps.”"
"FALSE" "Says “Jeff Bezos will put 300 (metric tons) of carbon into the atmosphere for 180 seconds in space.”"
"FALSE" "French President Emmanuel Macron announced that unvaccinated people would not be allowed to buy food at supermarkets from August."
"FALSE" "“In South Dakota, I’m putting prayer back in our schools.”"
"FALSE" "Monsanto has been banned in 15 countries"
"FALSE" "“The cost of an automobile is kind of back to what it was before the pandemic.”"
"FALSE" "“President Biden says he wants to ban handguns.”"
"FALSE" "Via Rense.com – "
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Income taxes are voluntary.”"
"FALSE" "Post-vaccination deaths reported to VAERS are caused by the vaccine"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“We’ve inoculated over 160 million people, 85% of people over the age of 50.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Washington police can’t chase kidnappers after reforms"
"NO-EVIDENCE" "On the origins of the coronavirus, “all the evidence is pointing that it came from the lab.”"
"FALSE" "Claim by Boris Johnson – "
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Joe Biden is proposing that any family who tries to pass a business or a farm down to their son or daughter or grandson or granddaughter are going to pay a huge new tax.”"
"FALSE" "“Joe Suffers Brain Fart! Biden Visits Elementary School, Asks The Children If They’re High Schoolers (VIDEO).”"
"FALSE" "Claims Ron DeSantis said he’s “sick of people saying cops need more training.”"
"FALSE" " Image shows Rudy Giuliani’s neighbors watching FBI raid"
"FALSE" "70 lawyers for the election technology firm Dominion Voting Systems tried to stop the election audit in Arizona"
"FALSE" "“15-year-old boy passes away from heart attack two days after Pfizer COVID-19 experimental jab.”"
"FALSE" "The COVID-19 vaccines and side effects from them can “shed” to affect unvaccinated people."
"FALSE" "“Between late December of 2020 and last month, a total of 3,362 people apparently died after getting the COVID vaccine in the United States … The actual number is almost certainly higher.”"
"FALSE" "Biden said he planned to build a rail line “from Florida to Tampa,” Fla."
"FALSE" "“The global cost of corruption is as much as 5% of the world’s GDP.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "COVID Shots to “Decimate World Population,” Warns Dr. Bhakdi"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "With the goal to preserve 30% of the earth’s land and water by 2030, “300 million people stand to lose their land and livelihood, most of them tribal and indigenous peoples.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "An ongoing audit of the 2020 presidential election in Arizona “showed Trump ahead by 250,000” votes, and “nearly 950,000 ballots are declared illegal, nearly all for Biden.”"
"FALSE" "A 2-year-old girl in Virginia died after receiving the Pfizer COVID-19 vaccine during clinical trials"
"FALSE" "“First time in 70 years the National Day Of Prayer was not observed in our nation’s capital!”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Joe Biden said you don’t need guns and ammo"
"FALSE" "Survival is over 99.9% so “why are they insisting that children get this experimental treatment?”; “mRNA vaccines are not vaccines but an mRNA treatment”"
"FALSE" "“The April jobs report shows that Joe Biden is squandering the economic recovery he inherited from President Trump and Republicans in Congress.”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Since the time we took office, we’ve created more than 1.5 million jobs in the country. It’s the most jobs created in the first 100 days of any president on record.”"
"FALSE" "President Joe Biden recently announced a fourth round of stimulus payments for which only Americans with proof of vaccination are eligible."
"BLATANT-LIE" "There were 35,000 votes for Joe Biden already pre-set in the voting machines in Arizona"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“Regulating and taxing marijuana—much like we do alcohol—would generate more than $165M in revenue starting in 2022”"
"FALSE" "Dominion Voting Systems machines are connected to the Internet"
"FALSE" "“Due to the Colonial Pipeline issue causing a fuel shortage on the east coast, NASCAR has decided to postpone this weekend’s Dover race.”"
"TRUE" " A handful of U.S. states designate “Confederate Memorial Day” a legal holiday, as of spring 2021."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“I don’t think anybody is questioning the legitimacy of the presidential election.”"
"FALSE" "Census data “called into question the official vote tally from the 2020 election”"
"FALSE" "“If you die within 20 days of testing positive for [COVID-19][…], you’ll be counted as a COVID death.” Vaccines are systematically dismissed as a possible cause of death."
"FALSE" "CDC Will Only Count Unvaccinated COVID-19 Cases"
"BLATANT-LIE" "The voting rights bill “would register millions of illegal aliens to vote. It is intended to do that.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Watching the TV footage of those who entered the Capitol. … If you didn’t know the TV footage was from Jan. 6, you would actually think it was a normal tourist visit.”"
"FALSE" "Does a University of Miami study confirm that COVID-19 vaccines will affect men’s production of sperm?"
"FALSE" "Says Benjamin Netanyahu gave a speech to Hamas leaders thanking them for uniting Israel."
"FALSE" "“Amazon accepts Dogecoin.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Woman putting gas in a bag"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“There were in fact watermarks on the ballots in Arizona.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "2010 national census data was used to manipulate the 2020 election rolls and to inject phantom votes into the election totals"
"TRUE" "In May 2021, a Buzzfeed report claimed to find U.S. President Joe Biden’s personal account on the cash-sharing app, Venmo."
"FALSE" "A child was kidnapped at a Sam’s Club in Omaha, Nebraska"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Every single Petersburg (Va.) school was accredited when I left office.”"
"FALSE" "“When you can’t find gas, remember who executively ordered the Keystone Pipeline to close.”"
"FALSE" "About 40 to 50% of CDC, FDA employees are refusing the COVID-19 vaccine according to Fauci, Marks"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“Republicans on the Joint Finance Committee removed more than $8 billion in spending increases from Gov. Evers’ budget proposal.”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“New York’s 1,200+ homeless veterans are ineligible for these $15,600 payments.”"
"FALSE" "Video shows Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu threatening to kill Muslims with vaccines"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Video shows U.S. Capitol Police gave protesters OK to enter.”"
"FALSE" "The U.S. National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases did not fund research at the Wuhan Institute of Virology"
"FALSE" "Pfizer-BioNTechs COVID-19 vaccine can cause Neurodegenerative Diseases like Alzheimer."
"FALSE" "“The entire Database of Maricopa County in Arizona has been DELETED!”"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "About two million children in Nigeria suffer from acute malnutrition."
"BLATANT-LIE" "The Biden White House has “no one there. They don’t travel. They don’t go down to the border. They don’t go overseas.”"
"FALSE" "Pfizer trial documents say vaccinated people can transmit vaccine to others through skin contact, with ‘devastating’ results"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Wearing face masks may cause “pulmonary fibrosis” and other health risks in children."
"TRUE" " In May 2021, voters in five Oregon counties passed ballot measures to advance a plan to secede from the state and become part of Idaho."
"BLATANT-LIE" "COVID-19 vaccines contain metals or microchips that cause magnets to attach to the arm of vaccinated people"
"FALSE" "New Zealand border workers could be fined $4000 or imprisoned if they are not vaccinated"
"FALSE" "Dr. Anthony Fauci’s wife is the NIH official “who rubber stamps exceptions to normal drug and vaccine testing.”"
"FALSE" "Secret Service agent was driving truck in Ford visit, not Biden"
"FALSE" "Businesses aren’t allowed to ask customers if they’ve been vaccinated because “there are HIPPA laws.”"
"FALSE" "Life insurance claims denied when people have taken COVID-19 vaccine"
"FALSE" "Indians are throwing away religious statues in the river for not protecting them against COVID-19, according to a set of photos that circulated on social media."
"FALSE" "An electromagnetic radiation detector can detect radiation from someone’s COVID-19 vaccination."
"FALSE" "“Pope Francis kissing the hands of David Rockefeller & John Rothschild.”"
"FALSE" "“CDC director finally admits that COVID cases were overcounted in hospitals”"
"FALSE" "CNN anchor Don Lemon announced “his last show on CNN.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Fauci Project Manager Confesses to Creating Covid-19"
"FALSE" "New York Times used a crocodile photo on its front page ridiculing Narendra Modi for crying"
"TRUE" "“We now have more job openings than we do people who are on unemployment. We have 60% more job openings today than we did the month before the pandemic hit the state of Texas."
"FALSE" "A photo of a Palestinian child in tears with a book in hand shows the aftermath of recent Israeli airstrikes in Gaza"
"TRUE" "Opposition to having a fully elected Chicago Board of Education is in the “super minority.”"
"FALSE" "“Coronavirus cases are plummeting in India thanks to new rules that promote Ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine”; it is a “now-indisputable fact that [ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine] essentially kill COVID-19 within hours or days”"
"TRUE" " The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) is conducting a National Immunization Survey via telephone."
"FALSE" "The Pyramids of Giza in Egypt were illuminated with the Palestinian flag in support of Palestine in its ongoing conflict with Israel."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Anthony Fauci’s wife has “a secret plan to put psych drugs in drinking water” to get people vaccinated."
"FALSE" "Texas has reported no COVID deaths since March 2"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“We used to invest more in research and development than any country in the world and China was … number nine. We now are number eight and China is number one.”"
"FALSE" "Moderna vaccine has poisonous SM-102 chemical in it"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Arizona ballots were shredded and burned in a chicken farm fire."
"FALSE" "Manny Pacquiao has been removed by President Rodrigo Duterte from PDP-Laban"
"FALSE" "“50% of all homeless people live in California.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " the image shows a Fox News chyron about President Joe Biden announcing looting would be renamed “justice shopping”"
"FALSE" " Dominion whistleblower said 3.8 million votes were switched."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Says BLM activist Sasha Johnson tweeted, “The white man will not be our equal but our slave.”"
"FALSE" "President Rodrigo Duterte has officially declared his candidacy for the 2022 vice presidential election according to a video uploaded on Thursday, May 27."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“The Biden administration has decided to cancel $0 in student debt.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Dr. Anthony Fauci and Peter Marks said 40% to 50% of CDC and FDA employees are refusing the COVID-19 vaccine"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" " Police defunding is to blame for “skyrocketing murder rates” in Philadelphia, Minneapolis, Portland, New York City, Chicago, Los Angeles and Washington, D.C."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Popeyes Sign Says They ‘Reserve The Right To Refuse Service To White People’"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Pennsylvania House Bill 118 of 2021 would fine women who have a miscarriage, or force them to pay for a fetal death certificate."
"FALSE" "Birds died of Covid-19 in India"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Says North Carolina bill “would allow politically active 501(c)(4) organizations to hide major donors while using their money to support or oppose candidates and political issues.”"
"FALSE" "“The one good thing about the antibodies if you’ve had it, is it actually is even better than the vaccine, and here’s why. With the vaccine you can still transmit, with the antibodies you can’t transmit.”"
"FALSE" " “Fauci admits to masking after vaccination for the sake of optics, not science”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" " “The federal government spent over $500k trying to force fish to exercise on treadmills, an additional $150k to see if gingerbread houses are earthquake proof.”"
"FALSE" "Sweden stopped using PCR tests."
"TRUE" "“Since 1978, CEO compensation rose over 1,000% and only 11.9% for average workers.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Dominion lost its lawsuit against Rudy Giuliani and Sidney Powell."
"FALSE" "“Not one word” from Joe Biden and Kamala Harris honoring service members for Memorial Day."
"TRUE" " In 2021, U.S. Vice President Kamala Harris tweeted “Enjoy the long weekend” before Memorial Day."
"FALSE" "“Pope Francis kissing the hands of David Rockefeller & John Rothschild.”"
"FALSE" "Vaccinated people will die within two years, according to Nobel laureate and French virologist Luc Montagnier."
"FALSE" "Emails show “Fauci’s fellow scientist could tell early on that the (coronavirus) looked manufactured.”"
"FALSE" " Two Democratic senators vote more with Republicans than Democrats."
"FALSE" "Research in The Lancet shows Covid-19 vaccines offers little to no protection"
"BLATANT-LIE" " In June 2021, U.S. President Joe Biden said white Republican men were more dangerous than the Islamic State group."
"FALSE" " Fauci’s Email On Masks Conflicts With What He Was Saying Publicly"
"FALSE" "Mars video taken by Chinese rover Zhurong"
"FALSE" "“The CDC lowered the PCR threshold while no longer recording asymptomatic cases…but only for the vaccinated.”"
"TRUE" " The West Virginia government is giving away a number of free guns through a series of lucky draws in a lottery for people who have received at least one COVID-19 vaccine shot."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "The New York Times published an old stock photo of a young girl and claimed Israeli forces killed her during its recent war with Hamas."
"BLATANT-LIE" " Absolutely 9-0 movie proves election fraud."
"FALSE" "the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) put out data showing seven out of 10 Americans are “declining” COVID-19 vaccines."
"FALSE" "Only Muslims can be treated at Islamia Hospital in Kolkata and only Muslim doctors work there."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“Texans have some of the highest property taxes in the nation”"
"FALSE" "Emails show Fauci ‘lied’ about effectiveness of hydroxychloroquine"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Video shows the Jan. 6 Capitol riot was a “completely peaceful protest.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "COVID-19 vaccines caused over 4,000 deaths; COVID-19 survivors can’t get the virus and don’t need to be vaccinated; natural immunity trumps vaccine immunity; spike protein from the vaccines is dangerous"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Says Florida Agriculture Commissioner Nikki Fried “spent millions of dollars to put her face on every gas pump across this state.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "China is issuing its own passport in Sri Lanka’s Colombo Port City."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“Sadly during the course of the pandemic one-third of our small businesses have closed.”"
"NO-EVIDENCE" "“Terrifying new research finds vaccine spike protein unexpectedly in [the] bloodstream. The protein is linked to blood clots, heart and brain damage”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Says withdrawing troops from Afghanistan could save the U.S. $50 billion."
"BLATANT-LIE" "920 Women Lose Their Unborn Babies After Getting Vaccinated"
"TRUE" "It’s not currently “legal for a New York state student to have a glass of fresh whole milk.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "India Today report says India tops globally in disrespecting doctors."
"FALSE" "“Republican state senators” who started an audit of 2020 election results in Maricopa County are “exposing this fraud.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "174 Batches Of Ballots Missing In Fulton County."
"BLATANT-LIE" "“Tim Tebow says he is wearing #85 to honor his former friend/teammate and fellow TE Aaron Hernandez, who passed away in 2017.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "claims that Jamaica is “the first country to make K-pop illegal.”"
"TRUE" " On June 6, 2021, U.S. Vice President Kamala Harris arrived to Guatemala City’s Air Force Base where she was “greeted” by protesters with banners reading, “Kamala, Trump Won,” among other phrases."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Image shows a gay man being thrown off a building in Palestine."
"FALSE" "The Biden administration “ignores the negative environmental impact created by lithium mining.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Marjorie Taylor Greene said ‘people are dying who have never died before’"
"BLATANT-LIE" "The COVID-19 vaccines make people “magnetized. They can put a key on their forehead, it sticks. They can put spoons and forks all over them, and they can stick.”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "40% of cops are domestic abusers"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "The use and possession of marijuana on U.S. college campuses “remains prohibited under federal law”"
"FALSE" "Official data shows there have been hundreds of COVID-19 vaccine deaths in Australia."
"FALSE" "Coca-Cola made cans that say “Try to be less white.”"
"FALSE" "the image shows late celebrity chef Anthony Bourdain tweeting about eating bat soup in Wuhan, China"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Says Baptist pastor Charles Stanley is selling CBD."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "‘Bangladeshi Muslims’ in Assam are demanding a separate country and CM Himanta Biswa Sarma has taken action against them by getting them beaten up by the police."
"MOSTLY-TRUE" " A probable new link has been found between the Pfizer jab and the heart condition myocarditis."
"FALSE" "“920 Women Lose Their Unborn Babies After Getting Vaccinated”"
"TRUE" "Brood X cicadas are infected with a sexually transmitted fungus"
"BLATANT-LIE" "There Is A Child Sex Trafficking Facility In Tucson, Arizona"
"FALSE" "The 2020 election results in Pennsylvania “show a statistically impossible pattern” and votes were manufactured for Joe Biden."
"BLATANT-LIE" " An image shows President Joe Biden sleeping at G-7 summit"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "January 6 rioters killed police officer, Brian Sicknick"
"BLATANT-LIE" "QAnon supporters are buying fabricated tickets for Donald Trump’s second inauguration"
"FALSE" "The COVID-19 vaccines’ “spike protein is very dangerous, it’s cytotoxic.”"
"FALSE" "ABC journalist Laura Tingle said Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison’s staff were “hiring lawyers to protect themselves from him”."
"FALSE" "“We see an uncompleted wall that was duly appropriated dollars during the Trump days to build over 700 miles. Only 150 miles were constructed.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo reopened New York hours before his daughter’s wedding"
"FALSE" "“Coolmath Games is being taken down cause it was run by the Mexican drug cartel?”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Kamala Harris excluded black women from a bipartisan dinner at her residence."
"NO-EVIDENCE" "“More children have died from suicide than from COVID”"
"FALSE" "Efficacy rates of four COVID-19 vaccines are far lower than those claimed by vaccine companies."
"FALSE" "“World Health Organization wants to BAN all women aged 18-50 from drinking alcohol.”"
"FALSE" " Confidential Documents reveal Moderna sent mRNA Coronavirus Vaccine Candidate to University Researchers"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Republican Georgia Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene said, “We all want Earth to be the best planet in the world.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Says Greta Thunberg said, “the climate crisis doesn’t exist.”"
"FALSE" "the audit of Maricopa County’s 2020 general election results found there were over 200,000 fewer ballots than the 2.1 million reported"
"FALSE" "Bangladeshi Muslims in India demanding a separate nation in 2021"
"FALSE" "COVID-19 PCR Tests Do Not Detect The Virus"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Says people are moving to Milwaukee “in record numbers”"
"NO-EVIDENCE" "“5 commercial pilots in India just died after being vaxxed in May.”"
"FALSE" " A photograph shows former boxer Mike Tyson wearing a shirt that says “I believe in God, not in vaccines.”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "A “peer reviewed, scientific study showed that the COVID-19 vaccine causes two deaths for every three lives it saves.”"
"FALSE" "Israel started 10G testing in Gaza"
"FALSE" "The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s recent guidance on students and masking “lacks a well-grounded scientific justification.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Video shows 2020 election data for Arizona, Georgia, Michigan, Nevada, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin"
"FALSE" "The COVID-19 vaccines “fight the virus wrong and let the virus become worse than it would with native infection.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Fully Vaccinated In Italy Burned COVID-19 Green Passes In Solidarity With Unvaccinated"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Japan’s newspaper calls Japanese gymnast and Olympic champion Daiki Hashimoto “national shame”"
"FALSE" "“Records suggest more than 100 batches of absentee ballots in Fulton County could be missing.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "COVID-19 mRNA vaccines can cause people to develop a magnetic force due to a process called magnetofection."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Says Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez compared smoking marijuana and transgender women in the Olympics."
"TRUE" " U.S. Rep. Lauren Boebert tweeted the “easiest way” to make the COVID-19 Delta variant go away is to “turn off CNN” and “vote Republican.”"
"FALSE" " “82% miscarriage rate among women who got the [COVID-19 vaccine] between 30 days and 20 weeks pregnant.”"
"FALSE" "Haiti, Tanzania and Madagascar refused the COVID-19 vaccines and now all three of their presidents have died unexpectedly."
"FALSE" "Crime rates dropped nearly 90% since WV legalized open carry for firearms"
"FALSE" "New England Journal of Medicine study finds 82% miscarriage rate among women vaccinated against covid-19."
"TRUE" " On July 4, 2021, the Black Lives Matter Utah Chapter called the American flag a “symbol of hatred,” and those who fly it racists.."
"FALSE" "The vaccination programme has overwhelmed the NHS."
"FALSE" "Image shows Adityanath pledging to support a newly orphaned child."
"BLATANT-LIE" " A car sinking in a flooded road had a “F@ck You Greta” sticker on it."
"NO-EVIDENCE" " “I just a day ago received a statement from the U.S. attorney … in Pennsylvania … that Bill Barr would not allow him to investigate voter fraud.”"
"FALSE" "Delta variant kills more vaccinated people than unvaccinated people"
"FALSE" " “They deleted in Georgia over 100,000 votes.”"
"FALSE" "The Biden administration has decided to cancel $0 in student debt"
"FALSE" "Video shows unarmed man shot in Phoenix, South Africa protests"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Unvaccinated, you can get COVID and have over 99% chance of survival. Get vaccinated and you can still get COVID and will still have over 99% chance of survival.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "45,000 dead from vaccination in 3 days, lawyer Thomas Renz sues federal government."
"BLATANT-LIE" "The Arizona Senate hearing “showed 168,000 fraudulent ballots printed on illegal paper (unofficial ballots).”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "A Harvard study showed that vaccinated people are “twice as likely to get hospitalized as opposed to if they had a natural exposure to the SARS-CoV-2 virus, then got exposed to a Delta variant”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Republicans used it in 2017 to pass the GOP tax scam, where 83 percent of the benefits went to the wealthiest 1 percent and they saddled us with approximately $2 trillion in debt to subsidize the lifestyle of the rich and shameless.”"
"FALSE" "Cadbury products sold in India contain beef,"
"FALSE" "An Ohio doctor died from a COVID-19 vaccine."
"FALSE" " Images show Vice President Kamala Harris staged boarding an airplane"
"TRUE" " Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer violated her own COVID-19 restrictions by visiting a bar and sitting at a table with a group of a dozen people."
"FALSE" "Black Lives Matter expressed support for Hamas during the Israeli-Palestinian conflict"
"TRUE" "Wisconsin’s 2019-21 budget produced the first positive general fund balance since 2000, and the governor’s proposed 2021-23 budget would return it to a deficit."
"FALSE" "he video shows Turkish military forces arriving in Palestinian territory"
"FALSE" "“Parents in Vail, Arizona just took over the school board — all according to the rules. Voted in a whole new board, and immediately removed the mask mandate.”"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“If you look at some of these places that (reduced police funding), they’ve already seen crime go up.”"
"FALSE" "COVID-19 vaccines cause menstrual problems in women; vaccinated people are causing health problems in unvaccinated people around them"
"TRUE" " A video of former president Donald Trump shows him complaining about 2020 election results from Mar-a-Lago in April 2021."
"FALSE" "If you get the COVID-19 vaccine, you can’t donate blood or plasma"
"FALSE" "purportedly shows a graphic from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) claiming refusing to be vaccinated is a “form of racism.”"
"TRUE" " Scientists found a 240-pound, 7-foot-long lake sturgeon in the Detroit"
"FALSE" "If you die within 20 days of testing positive for COVID-19 you are"
"FALSE" "The Washington Post won’t fact-check Biden for the remainder of the presidency."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Says Chelsea Clinton tweeted, “If Jesus were alive today he’d be working at Planned Parenthood.”"
"FALSE" "Claims a Congressional bill providing $25,000 in support to first-time homebuyers has passed."
"FALSE" "“First time in 70 years the National Day Of Prayer was not observed in our nation’s capital!”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "“We found no COVID-19 in any of the 1,500 [COVID-19-positive] samples” but influenza A and B; “what we’re dealing with is just another flu strain like every year. COVID 19 does not exist and is fictitious”"
"TRUE" "Says he was “one of the 2 (state Senators) who voted against” North Carolina’s body camera law."
"FALSE" "PM Modi announced lockdown across the country from May 3 to May 20"
"TRUE" " Ohio is giving away $1 million to five residents who have received their COVID-19 vaccination in a “Vax-a-Million” lottery."
"FALSE" "“3,362 people apparently died after getting the COVID-19 vaccine”; “more people, according to VAERS, have died after getting the [COVID-19] shot […] than from all the other vaccines”"
"FALSE" "For vaccine rates among Americans 65 and older, “there’s virtually no difference between white, Black, Hispanic, Asian American.”"
"TRUE" "“There are more job openings than there are people on unemployment” in Iowa."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Colonial Pipeline Shutdown Is Related To Whether States Are Red Or Blue"
"BLATANT-LIE" "COVID-19 vaccines contain metals or microchips that cause magnets to attach to the arm of vaccinated people"
"FALSE" "“There is no law that deals specifically with the term ‘partial-birth abortion.’”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "the image shows Vice President Kamala Harris as she is about to board a fake airplane created using a green screen"
"FALSE" " University of Miami researchers have found that the COVID-19 vaccine affects sperm production."
"FALSE" "HIPAA prevents anyone from asking if you are vaccinated"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "Video shows Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu speaking to Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman of Saudi Arabia."
"FALSE" "Says professional soccer player Christian Eriksen received the Pfizer vaccine days before he collapsed during a game."
"FALSE" "Dr. Anthony Fauci will make millions from an upcoming book about public service."
"FALSE" " Covid-19 is a deliberate hoax designed to promote the climate change agenda."
"FALSE" "Official Data Shows More People Have Died From The Vaccines Than From COVID-19"
"BLATANT-LIE" "The 2020 election was stolen from Donald Trump"
"FALSE" "Fossils on Mount Everest are evidence of global flooding."
"FALSE" "“943 innocent kids … are now injured or dead” because of the COVID-19 vaccine."
"FALSE" "The U.S. CDC is “lowering their CT value when testing samples from suspected ‘breakthrough infections’” to decrease the number of officially recorded cases"
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Gas prices highest in a decade. Worst jobs report in 2 decades. Highest inflation in 3 decades. Highest increase in illegal immigration in 4 decades.”"
"FALSE" " Georgia Is First State To Decertify 2020 Election Results"
"BLATANT-LIE" "SM-102, an ingredient in the COVID-19 vaccine from Moderna, is not meant for “human or veterinary use.”"
"FALSE" "Video shows Palestinians faking their deaths in Gaza."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“The very first Republican convention after the Civil War was held in Virginia in a Black church.”"
"FALSE" " Nobel Laureate Luc Montagnier Said All Vaccinated People Will Die Within Two Years"
"NO-EVIDENCE" "“21% of 140,000 ballots were found to be in error in GA.”"
"FALSE" "“The official observed temperatures are coming consistently below the scary global warming numbers”; “Melting polar ice triggers ice age”"
"TRUE" "“New Haven, Conn., had to issue bonds for a bridge after using funds for that bridge to pay for a police misconduct settlement.”"
"FALSE" "The UK has the worst Covid death toll in Europe."
"MOSTLY-FALSE" "“Now, 50% of all of America, more than any other country, is fully vaccinated.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Military and overseas absentee ballots in Georgia indicate election fraud"
"FALSE" "Lego unveiled “New Genderless Bricks With No Male/Female Connectors.”"
"FALSE" " COVID-19 vaccines caused as many deaths as the disease in young people."
"BLATANT-LIE" "People with the COVID-19 vaccine are being “tracked in real time via 5G cellular, and all that data can be hacked into to track you.”"
"FALSE" "Thousands of Hindu idols were discarded by Indians for failing to protect them against COVID-19"
"FALSE" "“Fauci’s emails leaked.”"
"FALSE" "Unvaccinated people have to wear masks to protect vaccinated people"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Starbucks closed to educate white people about their racism."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Says Donald Trump signed the Insurrection Act and “still is president.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "claims that audits of Pennsylvania’s 2020 presidential election results revealed that former President Donald Trump won the 2020 election."
"BLATANT-LIE" "Photos show Pakistani journalist accepting an envelope from politician."
"FALSE" "Photo shows Tom Hanks after “wife Rita exposed his condition after he was spotted in a bad state. Tom will spend the remainder of his life in and out of hospitals.”"
"FALSE" "Johnson & Johnson vaccine not effective in older adults"
"FALSE" " 86% of children in Pfizer trial reported adverse reactions"
"BLATANT-LIE" " Former U.S. President Donald Trump wore his pants backwards during the June 2021 North Carolina Republican Party convention in Greenville, North Carolina."
"BLATANT-LIE" "President Joe Biden wants to extend high school by four years"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Photo shows Prime Minister Narendra Modi greeting Nita Ambani"
"FALSE" "“The kids who were [in hospital for other reasons] were the ones […] on the ventilators. Not the kids who [were in hospital for COVID-19].”"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "“These 2 Ankeny moms standing next to the Governor are known Qanon and anti-vaxx conspiracy theorists.”"
"FALSE" "Joe Biden is to blame for higher gas prices"
"FALSE" "the American Red Cross “reported that vaccinated people cannot donate blood because the vaccine completely destroys their natural antibodies.”"
"BLATANT-LIE" "Police Officer helps Homeless Man Showering In A Car Wash"
"MOSTLY-TRUE" "Only 4% of Nigerians have access to healthcare insurance"
"FALSE" "Texas and Florida have a “balanced budget” while California is “in debt $54 billion and New York is “in debt $6.1 billion.”"
